===0	access card	2
1/2	==DB== Health and social services access card (Australia).
2/2	==DB== Common Access Card.The Common Access Card, also colloquially referred to as the CAC or CAC card, is a smart card about the size of a credit card. It is the standard identification for Active Duty United States Defense personnel, to include the Selected Reserve and National Guard, United States Department of Defense (DoD) civilian employees, United States Coast Guard (USCG) civilian employees and eligible DoD and USCG contractor personnel. It is also the principal card used to enable physical access to buildings and controlled spaces, and it provides access to defense computer networks and systems. It also serves as an identification card under the Geneva Conventions (esp. the Third Geneva Convention). In combination with pin, a CAC satisfies the requirement for two-factor authentication: something the user knows combined with something the user has. The CAC also satisfies the requirements for digital signature and data encryption technologies: authentication, integrity and non-repudiation. The CAC is a controlled item. As of 2008, DoD has issued over 17 million smart cards. This number includes reissues to accommodate changes in name, rank, or status and to replace lost or stolen cards. As of the same date, approximately 3.5 million unterminated or active CACs are in circulation. DoD has deployed an issuance infrastructure at over 1,000 sites in more than 25 countries around the world and is rolling out more than one million card readers and associated middleware..comment The Common Access Card, also colloquially referred to as the CAC or CAC card, is a smart card about the size of a credit card. It is the standard identification for Active Duty United States Defense personnel, to include the Selected Reserve and National Guard, United States Department of Defense (DoD) civilian employees, United States Coast Guard (USCG) civilian employees and eligible DoD and USCG contractor personnel. It is also the principal card used to enable physical access to buildings and controlled spaces, and it provides access to defense computer networks and systems. It also serves as an identification card under the Geneva Conventions (esp. the Third Geneva Convention). In combination with pin, a CAC satisfies the requirement for two-factor authentication: something the user k.
===1	animal life	2
1/2	==DB== Fauna.Fauna is all of the animal life of any particular region or time. The corresponding term for plants is flora. Flora, fauna and other forms of life such as fungi are collectively referred to as biota. Zoologists and paleontologists use fauna to refer to a typical collection of animals found in a specific time or place, e.g. the "Sonoran Desert fauna" or the "Burgess Shale fauna". Paleontologists sometimes refer to a sequence of faunal stages, which is a series of rocks all containing similar fossils..comment Fauna is all of the animal life of any particular region or time. The corresponding term for plants is flora. Flora, fauna and other forms of life such as fungi are collectively referred to as biota. Zoologists and paleontologists use fauna to refer to a typical collection of animals found in a specific time or place, e.g. the "Sonoran Desert fauna" or the "Burgess Shale fauna". Paleontologists sometimes refer to a sequence of faunal stages, which is a series of rocks all containing similar fossils..
2/2	==DB== Animal.Animals are multicellular, eukaryotic organisms of the kingdom Animalia (also called Metazoa). All animals are motile, meaning they can move spontaneously and independently at some point in their lives. Their body plan eventually becomes fixed as they develop, although some undergo a process of metamorphosis later on in their lives. All animals are heterotrophs: they must ingest other organisms or their products for sustenance. Most known animal phyla appeared in the fossil record as marine species during the Cambrian explosion, about 542 million years ago. Animals can be divided broadly into vertebrates and invertebrates. Vertebrates have a backbone or spine (vertebral column), and amount to less than five percent of all described animal species. They include fish, amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals. The remaining animals are the invertebrates, which lack a backbone. These include molluscs (clams, oysters, octopuses, squid, snails); arthropods (millipedes, centipedes, insects, spiders, scorpions, crabs, lobsters, shrimp); annelids (earthworms, leeches), cnidarians (jellyfish, sea anemones, corals), and sponges..comment Animals are multicellular, eukaryotic organisms of the kingdom Animalia (also called Metazoa). All animals are motile, meaning they can move spontaneously and independently at some point in their lives. Their body plan eventually becomes fixed as they develop, although some undergo a process of metamorphosis later on in their lives. All animals are heterotrophs: they must ingest other organisms or their products for sustenance..
===2	back door	9
1/9	==SS== To attempt to accomplish by indirect means, especially when direct means are proscribed.
2/9	==DB== Back Door Man.producer Leonard Chess, Phil Chess, Willie Dixon.Chess.length 212.0.released 1967-01-04.format 7.lastSingle "Spoonful".nextSingle "Down in the Bottom".aSide "Wang Dang Doodle".prev "Light My Fire".trackNo 7.Back Door Man."Back Door Man" is a blues song written by Willie Dixon and recorded by Howlin' Wolf in 1960. It was released in 1961 by Chess Records as the B-side to Wolf's "Wang Dang Doodle" (catalog no. 1777). The song is considered a classic of Chicago blues..comment "Back Door Man" is a blues song written by Willie Dixon and recorded by Howlin' Wolf in 1960. It was released in 1961 by Chess Records as the B-side to Wolf's "Wang Dang Doodle" (catalog no. 1777). The song is considered a classic of Chicago blues..
3/9	==DB== Back Door Santa."Back Door Santa" is a song written by Clarence Carter and Marcus Daniel, and originally performed by Carter. It was released on a compilation album Soul Christmas in 1968. The track is in a 12-bar blues format. The lyrics are sexually suggestive, not having much to do with Christmas as a holiday. Run-D.M.C. sampled the song for "Christmas in Hollis". It was also performed by Bon Jovi and released on the A Very Special Christmas compilation album produced to benefit the Special Olympics. It was replaced on later pressings of with the song "I Wish Every Day Could Be Like Christmas" also performed by Bon Jovi. Bon Jovi later released the track along with two other Christmas themed songs on the single for "Please Come Home for Christmas". In 1987, Brad Delp covered this song on his holiday themed album Christmas Jammin' with Brad Delp. The Australian band Jet has also covered this song. It is available on their Japanese-only Rare Tracks compilation album. In late December 2005, The Black Crowes released a free download version of this song, complete with a horn section. This track can be heard in the films Mission: Impossible III and Jingle All the Way. In 2008, Elliott Yamin included a cover of the song in his Christmas album My Kind of Holiday. The song also appeared on the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother Season 2 Episode 11: "How Lily Stole Christmas", as well as being included on Paul DeGeorge's 2012 Christmas mixtape and the 2013 film Filth. The song features on the 2015 Christmas album release Back Door Santa, Got the Blues for Christmas by the John Verity Band..comment "Back Door Santa" is a song written by Clarence Carter and Marcus Daniel, and originally performed by Carter. It was released on a compilation album Soul Christmas in 1968. The track is in a 12-bar blues format. The lyrics are sexually suggestive, not having much to do with Christmas as a holiday. Run-D.M.C. sampled the song for "Christmas in Hollis". In 1987, Brad Delp covered this song on his holiday themed album Christmas Jammin' with Brad Delp. The Australian band Jet has also covered this song. It is available on their Japanese-only Rare Tracks compilation album..
4/9	==SS== The path of a pitch which starts outside and then slides over the plate.''He has a nasty '''back door''' slider.'' 
5/9	==DB== The Back Door (fiction).The Back Door was an anonymous work of invasion literature serialised in Hong Kong newspaper The China Mail from 30 September through 8 October 1897. The work, written in the form of a historical account, describes an imagined Russian and French landing at Hong Kong's Deep Water Bay, followed by shelling of Victoria Peak, a sea battle in the Sulphur Channel between Hong Kong Island and Green Island, and a last stand at Stonecutters Island in which British forces were decisively defeated. The story was intended as a criticism of the lack of British funding for the defence of Hong Kong; fears of invasion were driven by French expansionism in Southeast Asia and increasing Russian influence in Manchuria. It was speculated, but never proven, that members of the Imperial Japanese Army read the book in preparation for the 1941 Battle of Hong Kong, in which Japanese forces overran Hong Kong (via the New Territories, rather than Hong Kong Island) in just 18 days. In terms of its style, it follows the model laid out by George Tomkyns Chesney's The Battle of Dorking, but is noteworthy for its attention to detail, even giving real names of individual soldiers and ships; one reviewer described it as "unique" in its verisimilitude, stating that only William Le Queux's The Invasion of 1910 and Cleveland Moffett's The Conquest of America could compare to it. The Back Door received renewed attention in October 2001, when it was republished by Hong Kong University Press under the title Hong Kong Invaded! A '97 Nightmare. The republished edition, at 328 pages in length, was accompanied by a variety of scholarly discussion; the actual text of The Back Door itself occupied barely one-sixth of the book's length. The title of the republished edition was intended as a form of misdirection and a joke to the reader, evoking fears over the 1997 handover of Hong Kong to the People's Republic of China. Bickley was criticised by one reviewer for the cartoon-like illustrations included with the book, and the fact that she had spent so much time on historical analysis of what was described as a "mediocre piece" of fiction..comment The Back Door was an anonymous work of invasion literature serialised in Hong Kong newspaper The China Mail from 30 September through 8 October 1897. The work, written in the form of a historical account, describes an imagined Russian and French landing at Hong Kong's Deep Water Bay, followed by shelling of Victoria Peak, a sea battle in the Sulphur Channel between Hong Kong Island and Green Island, and a last stand at Stonecutters Island in which British forces were decisively defeated. The story was intended as a criticism of the lack of British funding for the defence of Hong Kong; fears of invasion were driven by French expansionism in Southeast Asia and increasing Russian influence in Manchuria. It was speculated, but never proven, that members of the Imperial Japanese Army read the b.
6/9	==SS== A subsidiary entrance to a building or house at its rear, normally away from the street.
7/9	==DB== Back Door.yearsActive 1971.background group_or_band.origin Blakey, Yorkshire.Cultural Foundation.pastMembers Tony Hicks.pastMembers Ron Aspery.pastMembers Adrian Tilbrook.pastMembers Dave McRae.Back Door (jazz trio).Back Door was a jazz-rock trio, formed in 1971..comment Back Door was a jazz-rock trio, formed in 1971..
8/9	==DB== The Back Door.length 2711.0.nextAlbum Out and About.The Back Door (album).The Back Door, an album by Cherish the Ladies, was released in 1992 on the Green Linnet label..comment The Back Door, an album by Cherish the Ladies, was released in 1992 on the Green Linnet label..
9/9	==DB== Lookin' Out My Back Door.released 1970-07-25.format 7.bSide "Long As I Can See the Light".lastSingle "Up Around the Bend".nextSingle "Have You Ever Seen the Rain?".Lookin' Out My Back Door."Lookin' Out My Back Door" is a song recorded by the American band Creedence Clearwater Revival, also known as CCR. The song was written by the band's lead singer, guitarist, and songwriter, John Fogerty. The song is included on their 1970 album Cosmo's Factory, the group's fifth album, which was also their fifth and final No. 2 Billboard hit. "Lookin' Out My Back Door" was a direct tribute to the Bakersfield Sound, a form of music that influenced Fogerty and the CCR sound. Buck Owens, one of the architects of the Bakersfield Sound, is even mentioned in the song's lyrics..comment "Lookin' Out My Back Door" is a song recorded by the American band Creedence Clearwater Revival, also known as CCR. The song was written by the band's lead singer, guitarist, and songwriter, John Fogerty. The song is included on their 1970 album Cosmo's Factory, the group's fifth album, which was also their fifth and final No. 2 Billboard hit. "Lookin' Out My Back Door" was a direct tribute to the Bakersfield Sound, a form of music that influenced Fogerty and the CCR sound. Buck Owens, one of the architects of the Bakersfield Sound, is even mentioned in the song's lyrics..
===3	band aid	5
1/5	==DB== Band Aid 30.background temporary.Band Aid 30.Band Aid 30 is the 2014 incarnation of the charity supergroup Band Aid. The group was announced on 10 November 2014 by Bob Geldof and Midge Ure, with Geldof stating that he took the step after the United Nations had contacted him, saying help was urgently needed to prevent the 2014 Ebola crisis in Western Africa spreading throughout the world. As in previous incarnations, the group covered the track "Do They Know It's Christmas?", written in 1984 by Geldof and Ure, this time to raise money towards the Ebola crisis in Western Africa. The track has re-tweaked lyrics to reflect the current Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa with all proceeds going towards battling what Geldof described as a "particularly pernicious illness because it renders humans untouchable and that is sickening". The song was recorded by some of the biggest-selling current British and Irish pop acts, including One Direction, Sam Smith, Ed Sheeran, Emeli Sandé, Ellie Goulding and Rita Ora. Bastille and Guy Garvey of Mercury prize-winning band Elbow were also on board, along with Chris Martin (Coldplay) and Bono (U2)—the third time he has contributed to a Band Aid recording. For the first time, different language versions were recorded, a French one titled "Noël est là" and a German one titled "Do They Know It's Christmas? (2014) [Deutsche Version]" with respective artists..comment Band Aid 30 is the 2014 incarnation of the charity supergroup Band Aid. The group was announced on 10 November 2014 by Bob Geldof and Midge Ure, with Geldof stating that he took the step after the United Nations had contacted him, saying help was urgently needed to prevent the 2014 Ebola crisis in Western Africa spreading throughout the world. As in previous incarnations, the group covered the track "Do They Know It's Christmas?", written in 1984 by Geldof and Ure, this time to raise money towards the Ebola crisis in Western Africa. The track has re-tweaked lyrics to reflect the current Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa with all proceeds going towards battling what Geldof described as a "particularly pernicious illness because it renders humans untouchable and that is sickening"..
2/5	==DB== Band Aid 20.background temporary.Band Aid 20.Band Aid 20 was the 2004 incarnation of the charity group Band Aid. The group, which included Daniel Bedingfield, Justin Hawkins of The Darkness, Chris Martin of Coldplay, Bono of U2, and Paul McCartney, re-recorded the 1984 song "Do They Know It's Christmas?", written by Band Aid organisers Bob Geldof and Midge Ure..comment Band Aid 20 was the 2004 incarnation of the charity group Band Aid. The group, which included Daniel Bedingfield, Justin Hawkins of The Darkness, Chris Martin of Coldplay, Bono of U2, and Paul McCartney, re-recorded the 1984 song "Do They Know It's Christmas?", written by Band Aid organisers Bob Geldof and Midge Ure..
3/5	==DB== Band Aid II.
4/5	==DB== Band Aid.background temporary.Band Aid (band).Band Aid is a charity supergroup featuring mainly British and Irish musicians and recording artists. It was founded in 1984 by Bob Geldof and Midge Ure to raise money for anti-famine efforts in Ethiopia by releasing the song "Do They Know It's Christmas?" for the Christmas market that year. On 25 November 1984, the song was recorded at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill, London, and was released in the UK four days later. The single surpassed the hopes of the producers to become the Christmas number one on that release. Two subsequent re-recordings of the song to raise further money for charity also topped the charts. The original was produced by Midge Ure. The 12" version was mixed by Trevor Horn. In November 2014, a new version of the song was recorded by artists under the name of Band Aid 30..comment Band Aid is a charity supergroup featuring mainly British and Irish musicians and recording artists. It was founded in 1984 by Bob Geldof and Midge Ure to raise money for anti-famine efforts in Ethiopia by releasing the song "Do They Know It's Christmas?" for the Christmas market that year. On 25 November 1984, the song was recorded at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill, London, and was released in the UK four days later. The single surpassed the hopes of the producers to become the Christmas number one on that release. Two subsequent re-recordings of the song to raise further money for charity also topped the charts. The original was produced by Midge Ure. The 12" version was mixed by Trevor Horn. In November 2014, a new version of the song was recorded by artists under the name of Band Ai.
5/5	==DB== Band Aid.background group_or_band.Band Aid (Italian band).Band Aid is an Italian band formed in Lecce in 1980..comment Band Aid is an Italian band formed in Lecce in 1980..
===4	bank building	5
1/5	==DB== 
2/5	==DB== Bank Building.built 1895.added 1983-10-07.refnum 83004106.Bank Building (Uxbridge, Massachusetts).The Bank Building was a historic building located at 40-44 South Street, in Uxbridge, Massachusetts. Until its destruction by fire in 2013, it was the best-preserved of Uxbridge's 19th century commercial buildings. The three story brick structure was built in 1895-6, and housed commercial storefronts on the ground floor, offices on the second, and a large meeting space on the third floor. On October 7, 1983, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The building was essentially destroyed and then razed following a July 2013 fire..comment The Bank Building was a historic building located at 40-44 South Street, in Uxbridge, Massachusetts. Until its destruction by fire in 2013, it was the best-preserved of Uxbridge's 19th century commercial buildings. The three story brick structure was built in 1895-6, and housed commercial storefronts on the ground floor, offices on the second, and a large meeting space on the third floor. On October 7, 1983, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The building was essentially destroyed and then razed following a July 2013 fire..
3/5	==DB== Bank Building.location 23321.built c..architecture Federal.added 1974-07-23.refnum 74002099.Bank Building (Accomac, Virginia).Bank Building, also known as Old Mercantile Building and Eastern Shore Chamber of Commerce, is a historic commercial building located at Accomac, Virginia, Accomack County, Virginia. It was built about 1820, and is a two-story, rectangular brick structure in the Federal style. The front facade and watertable are stuccoed. It has a gable roof and features a fanlight window above the second story door. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974..comment Bank Building, also known as Old Mercantile Building and Eastern Shore Chamber of Commerce, is a historic commercial building located at Accomac, Virginia, Accomack County, Virginia. It was built about 1820, and is a two-story, rectangular brick structure in the Federal style. The front facade and watertable are stuccoed. It has a gable roof and features a fanlight window above the second story door. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974..
4/5	==DB== Bank Buildings.location 1.latitude 53.3892.longitude -3.0308.Bank Buildings, Birkenhead.Bank Buildings is on a corner site at 1–7 Charing Cross, Birkenhead, Wirral, Merseyside, England. It consists of offices and shops which extend towards the north along Exmouth Street and towards the west along Grange Road West. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building..comment Bank Buildings is on a corner site at 1–7 Charing Cross, Birkenhead, Wirral, Merseyside, England. It consists of offices and shops which extend towards the north along Exmouth Street and towards the west along Grange Road West. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building..
5/5	==DB== Bank Buildings.completionDate 1787.constructionStartDate 1785.Bank Buildings, Belfast.The Bank Buildings is a red Dumfries sandstone building located at 1-27 Castle Street in Belfast, Northern Ireland..comment The Bank Buildings is a red Dumfries sandstone building located at 1-27 Castle Street in Belfast, Northern Ireland..
===5	bass player	3
1/3	==DB== title Bass Player.Bass Player (magazine).Bass Player is a magazine for bassists. Each issue offers a variety of artist interviews, lessons, equipment reviews, and a complete transcribed bass line from a popular song. The magazine was founded in 1988 as a spinoff of Guitar Player magazine, with Jim Roberts as its first editor. The headquarters of the magazine is in San Bruno, California. Currently published by New Bay Media, Bass Player holds an annual event for bassists, Bass Player LIVE!. From 2004 until 2007 Bass Player LIVE! was held in New York City; beginning in 2008 it was held in Hollywood, California..comment Bass Player is a magazine for bassists. Each issue offers a variety of artist interviews, lessons, equipment reviews, and a complete transcribed bass line from a popular song. The magazine was founded in 1988 as a spinoff of Guitar Player magazine, with Jim Roberts as its first editor. The headquarters of the magazine is in San Bruno, California. Currently published by New Bay Media, Bass Player holds an annual event for bassists, Bass Player LIVE!. From 2004 until 2007 Bass Player LIVE! was held in New York City; beginning in 2008 it was held in Hollywood, California..
2/3	==DB== Bassist.A bass player, or bassist, is a musician who plays a bass instrument such as a double bass, bass guitar, keyboard bass or a low brass instrument such as a tuba or sousaphone. Different musical genres tend to be associated with one or more of these instruments. Since the 1960s, the electric bass has been the standard bass instrument for funk, R&B, soul music, rock and roll, reggae, jazz fusion, heavy metal, country and pop music. The double bass is the standard bass instrument for classical music, bluegrass, rockabilly, and most genres of jazz. Low brass instruments such as the tuba or sousaphone are the standard bass instrument in Dixieland and New Orleans-style jazz bands. Despite the associations of different bass instruments with certain genres, there are exceptions. Some 1990s and 2000s rock and pop bands use a double bass, such as both Andrew Jackson Jihad, Barenaked Ladies; Indie band The Decemberists; and punk rock, psychobilly groups such as The Living End, Nekromantix, The Horrorpops, and Tiger Army. Some fusion jazz groups use a lightweight, stripped-down electric upright bass rather than a double bass. Some composers of modern art music use the electric bass in a chamber music setting. Some jazz big bands use electric bass. Some funk, R&B and jazz,fusion groups use synth bass or keyboard bass rather than electric bass. Bootsy Collins and Stevie Wonder used synth bass. Some Dixieland bands use double bass or electric bass instead of a tuba. In some jazz groups and jam bands, the basslines are played by a Hammond organ player, who uses the bass pedal keyboard or the lower manual for the low notes..comment A bass player, or bassist, is a musician who plays a bass instrument such as a double bass, bass guitar, keyboard bass or a low brass instrument such as a tuba or sousaphone. Different musical genres tend to be associated with one or more of these instruments. Since the 1960s, the electric bass has been the standard bass instrument for funk, R&B, soul music, rock and roll, reggae, jazz fusion, heavy metal, country and pop music. The double bass is the standard bass instrument for classical music, bluegrass, rockabilly, and most genres of jazz. Low brass instruments such as the tuba or sousaphone are the standard bass instrument in Dixieland and New Orleans-style jazz bands..
3/3	==DB== Bass Player.Bass Player (album).Bass Player is the debut album by New Zealand reggae band, Rhombus. It was released in 2003. The album peaked at #18 in the New Zealand Top 40 Albums charts. The song "Clav Dub" reached #16 in the New Zealand Top 40 Singles charts..comment Bass Player is the debut album by New Zealand reggae band, Rhombus. It was released in 2003. The album peaked at #18 in the New Zealand Top 40 Albums charts. The song "Clav Dub" reached #16 in the New Zealand Top 40 Singles charts..
===6	blood sugar	3
1/3	==DB== Blood sugar.The blood sugar concentration or blood glucose level is the amount of glucose (sugar) present in the blood of a human or animal. The body naturally tightly regulates blood glucose levels as a part of metabolic homeostasis. With some exceptions, glucose is the primary source of energy for the body's cells, and blood lipids (in the form of fats and oils) are primarily a compact energy store. Glucose is transported from the intestines or liver to body cells via the bloodstream, and is made available for cell absorption via the hormone insulin, produced by the body primarily in the pancreas. Glucose levels are usually lowest in the morning, before the first meal of the day (termed "the fasting level"), and rise after meals for an hour or two by a few millimolar. Blood sugar levels outside the normal range may be an indicator of a medical condition. A persistently high level is referred to as hyperglycemia; low levels are referred to as hypoglycemia. Diabetes mellitus is characterized by persistent hyperglycemia from any of several causes, and is the most prominent disease related to failure of blood sugar regulation. Intake of alcohol causes an initial surge in blood sugar, and later tends to cause levels to fall. Also, certain drugs can increase or decrease glucose levels..comment The blood sugar concentration or blood glucose level is the amount of glucose (sugar) present in the blood of a human or animal. The body naturally tightly regulates blood glucose levels as a part of metabolic homeostasis. With some exceptions, glucose is the primary source of energy for the body's cells, and blood lipids (in the form of fats and oils) are primarily a compact energy store. Glucose is transported from the intestines or liver to body cells via the bloodstream, and is made available for cell absorption via the hormone insulin, produced by the body primarily in the pancreas..
2/3	==SS== Glucose in the blood.
3/3	==DB== Blood Sugar.producer Rob Swire, Matt White.writer Rob Swire, Gareth McGrillen, Matt White.length *  ("Blood Sugar") *  ("Axle Grinder").released 2007-05-28.format 12.0.lastSingle "Painkiller".nextSingle "Granite".Blood Sugar / Axle Grinder."Blood Sugar" is a single by Australian Drum & Bass band, Pendulum, released on 18 June 2007 in the United Kingdom. It was the band's final single with the Breakbeat Kaos label, and was released in 12" vinyl. Both tracks were later added to the 2007 reissue of the group's debut album, Hold Your Colour, due to their popularity. "Axle Grinder" contains samples from the United States TV show, The Twilight Zone..comment "Blood Sugar" is a single by Australian Drum & Bass band, Pendulum, released on 18 June 2007 in the United Kingdom. It was the band's final single with the Breakbeat Kaos label, and was released in 12" vinyl. Both tracks were later added to the 2007 reissue of the group's debut album, Hold Your Colour, due to their popularity. "Axle Grinder" contains samples from the United States TV show, The Twilight Zone..
===7	body parts	5
1/5	==DB== 
2/5	==DB== Vehicle body part.
3/5	==DB== Body Parts.screenplay Eric RedNorman Snider.runtime 5280.0.starring *.budget 1.0E7.gross 9188150.0.Body Parts (film).Body Parts is a 1991 horror thriller film directed by Eric Red and released by Paramount Pictures. The film stars Jeff Fahey, Kim Delaney, Brad Dourif and Zakes Mokae..comment Body Parts is a 1991 horror thriller film directed by Eric Red and released by Paramount Pictures. The film stars Jeff Fahey, Kim Delaney, Brad Dourif and Zakes Mokae..
4/5	==SS== 
5/5	==DB== Body Parts (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)."Body Parts" is the 97th episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 25th episode of the fourth season..comment "Body Parts" is the 97th episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 25th episode of the fourth season..
===8	brain drain	8
1/8	==DB== Brain drain.
2/8	==DB== Human capital flight.Human capital flight refers to the emigration of highly skilled or well-educated individuals. Research is mixed as to whether there are net benefits, a "brain gain", or net costs, a "brain drain", to human capital flight for the sending country..comment Human capital flight refers to the emigration of highly skilled or well-educated individuals. Research is mixed as to whether there are net benefits, a "brain gain", or net costs, a "brain drain", to human capital flight for the sending country..
3/8	==DB== characterName Brain Drain.Brain Drain (comics).Brain Drain is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appears in Invaders #2 (Oct. 1975) and was created by writer Roy Thomas and artist Frank Robbins..comment Brain Drain is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appears in Invaders #2 (Oct. 1975) and was created by writer Roy Thomas and artist Frank Robbins..
4/8	==SS== The migration of educated or talented people from less economically advanced areas to more economically advanced areas, especially to large cities or richer countries.{{ant|en|brain gain}} 
5/8	==DB== Brain Drain.director Fernando González Molina.distributor 20.runtime 6240.0.language English.language Spanish.starring Simon Cohen.starring Blanca Suárez.starring Alberto Amarilla.starring Gorka Lasaosa.starring Pablo Penedo.starring Canco Rodríguez.Brain Drain (film).Brain Drain (Spanish: Fuga de cerebros) is a 2009 Spanish romantic-comedy film directed by Fernando González Molina and starring Mario Casas and Amaia Salamanca. The film is an A3 Films's production. The production started on 14 July 2008 in Madrid and Gijón, and its premier was on 24 April 2009. Due the great success in the Spanish's box offices, Carlos Theron filmed its sequel: Fuga de Cerebros: Ahora en Harvard (Brain Drain) in 2011..comment Brain Drain (Spanish: Fuga de cerebros) is a 2009 Spanish romantic-comedy film directed by Fernando González Molina and starring Mario Casas and Amaia Salamanca. The film is an A3 Films's production. The production started on 14 July 2008 in Madrid and Gijón, and its premier was on 24 April 2009. Due the great success in the Spanish's box offices, Carlos Theron filmed its sequel: Fuga de Cerebros: Ahora en Harvard (Brain Drain) in 2011..
6/8	==DB== The Brain Drain.The Brain Drain was a BBC comedy panel show that ran for 2 seasons in the early 1990s. Presented by Jimmy Mulville and featuring a panel of 4 performers (including regular panellists Tony Hawks and (in the 2nd season) Jo Brand), the show was essentially a comedy version of Question Time. Panellists were asked a question by a member of the studio audience (including occasional celebrity guests) to which they were invited to give a humorous response..comment The Brain Drain was a BBC comedy panel show that ran for 2 seasons in the early 1990s. Presented by Jimmy Mulville and featuring a panel of 4 performers (including regular panellists Tony Hawks and (in the 2nd season) Jo Brand), the show was essentially a comedy version of Question Time. Panellists were asked a question by a member of the studio audience (including occasional celebrity guests) to which they were invited to give a humorous response..
7/8	==DB== Brain Drain (Charmed).
8/8	==DB== Brain Drain.length 2102.0.released 1989-03-23.artist the Ramones.lastAlbum Halfway to Sanity.nextAlbum Mondo Bizarro.Brain Drain (album).Brain Drain is the 11th studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones. It was released on March 23, 1989. It is the last release to feature bass player Dee Dee Ramone, the first release to feature Marky Ramone since his departure after Subterranean Jungle, and the last studio album on Sire Records. About the making of the album, Dee Dee wrote in his autobiography, Lobotomy: Surviving the Ramones: It was tough recording the Brain Drain album because everyone took their shit out on me. I dreaded being around them. It drove me away — I didn't even end up playing on the album. Everybody in the band had problems; girlfriend problems, money problems, mental problems..comment Brain Drain is the 11th studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones. It was released on March 23, 1989. It is the last release to feature bass player Dee Dee Ramone, the first release to feature Marky Ramone since his departure after Subterranean Jungle, and the last studio album on Sire Records. About the making of the album, Dee Dee wrote in his autobiography, Lobotomy: Surviving the Ramones:.
===9	break point	3
1/3	==SS== A situation in which if the receiver wins the next point, (s)he will win the game (but not the set or match).
2/3	==DB== Break Point.publisher Piccadilly Press Ltd..pages 176.isbn 978.pubDate 2002-03-14.Break Point.Break Point is a novel written by Rosie Rushton. It was published by Piccadilly Press Ltd. in 2002..comment Break Point is a novel written by Rosie Rushton. It was published by Piccadilly Press Ltd. in 2002..
3/3	==DB== Tennis.Tennis.Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent (singles) or between two teams of two players each (doubles). Each player uses a tennis racket that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net and into the opponent's court. The object of the game is to play the ball in such a way that the opponent is not able to play a valid return. The player who is unable to return the ball will not gain a point, while the opposite player will. Tennis is an Olympic sport and is played at all levels of society and at all ages. The sport can be played by anyone who can hold a racket, including wheelchair users. The modern game of tennis originated in Birmingham, England, in the late 19th century as "lawn tennis". It had close connections both to various field ("lawn") games such as croquet and bowls as well as to the older racket sport of real tennis. During most of the 19th century, in fact, the term "tennis" referred to real tennis, not lawn tennis: for example, in Disraeli's novel Sybil (1845), Lord Eugene De Vere announces that he will "go down to Hampton Court and play tennis." The rules of tennis have changed little since the 1890s. Two exceptions are that from 1908 to 1961 the server had to keep one foot on the ground at all times, and the adoption of the tiebreak in the 1970s. A recent addition to professional tennis has been the adoption of electronic review technology coupled with a point challenge system, which allows a player to contest the line call of a point. Tennis is played by millions of recreational players and is also a popular worldwide spectator sport. The four Grand Slam tournaments (also referred to as the "Majors") are especially popular: the Australian Open played on hard courts, the French Open played on red clay courts, Wimbledon played on grass courts, and the US Open played also on hard courts..comment Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent (singles) or between two teams of two players each (doubles). Each player uses a tennis racket that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net and into the opponent's court. The object of the game is to play the ball in such a way that the opponent is not able to play a valid return. The player who is unable to return the ball will not gain a point, while the opposite player will..
===10	bullet proof	16
1/16	==DB== Bulletproof.producer Jordan Schur , Hush, Julian Bunetta, Eminem, Luis Resto, Beau Dozier, Randy Lynch, Scott Summer, Notes, Thom Panunzio.released 2005-08-23.lastAlbum Roses & Razorblades.nextAlbum The Open Book.Bulletproof (Hush album).Bulletproof is the third album from American rapper Hush released on Geffen Records. It contains some of the songs from The Contender, and features Nate Dogg, Talib Kweli, Phil Campbell, D12 (Eminem, Kuniva, Bizarre, & Swifty McVay), Bareda, and Lo-Down. A clean version of "Fired Up" is used in the video game Need for Speed: Most Wanted..comment Bulletproof is the third album from American rapper Hush released on Geffen Records. It contains some of the songs from The Contender, and features Nate Dogg, Talib Kweli, Phil Campbell, D12 (Eminem, Kuniva, Bizarre, & Swifty McVay), Bareda, and Lo-Down. A clean version of "Fired Up" is used in the video game Need for Speed: Most Wanted..
2/16	==DB== Bulletproof.screenplay * Joe Gayton *.runtime 5040.0.starring *.gross 2.26E7.Bulletproof (1996 film).Bulletproof is a 1996 American buddy cop action comedy film directed by Ernest Dickerson. The film stars Damon Wayans and Adam Sandler. The film grossed $22.6 million and has an 8% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on reviews from 39 critics. The film was released in the United States on September 6, 1996..comment Bulletproof is a 1996 American buddy cop action comedy film directed by Ernest Dickerson. The film stars Damon Wayans and Adam Sandler. The film grossed $22.6 million and has an 8% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on reviews from 39 critics. The film was released in the United States on September 6, 1996..
3/16	==DB== Bulletproof.length 2462.0.released 2002-08-13.lastAlbum Back in Your Life.nextAlbum The Red and White.Bulletproof (Julian Austin album).Bulletproof is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Julian Austin. It was released by Civilian Records on August 13, 2002. "Pussycat," "I'm So Over You" and "Only God Knows" were released as singles..comment Bulletproof is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Julian Austin. It was released by Civilian Records on August 13, 2002. "Pussycat," "I'm So Over You" and "Only God Knows" were released as singles..
4/16	==DB== Bulletproof hosting.Bulletproof hosting (sometimes known as bulk-friendly hosting) is a service provided by some domain hosting or web hosting firms that allows their customer considerable leniency in the kinds of material they may upload and distribute. This leniency has been taken advantage of by spammers and providers of online gambling or illegal pornography. Many service providers have Terms of Service that do not allow certain materials to be uploaded or distributed, or the service to be used in a particular way, and may suspend a hosting account, after a few complaints, to minimize the risk of their IP subnet being blocked by anti-spam filters using Internet Protocol (IP) address-based filtering. Additionally, some service providers may have ethical concerns that underpin their service terms and conditions. Often, a bulletproof host allows a content provider to bypass the laws or contractual terms of service regulating Internet content and service use in its own country of operation, as many of these 'bulletproof hosts' are based 'overseas' (relative to the geographical location of the content provider). Many if not most 'bulletproof hosts' are in China, other parts of Asia, and Russia/Russia's surrounding countries, though this is not always the case. For example, McColo, responsible for 2/3rds of the world's spam when taken down, was US based. Bulletproof hosting providers have a high rate of turnover, as many hosting providers choose to shut down, whether forcibly or voluntarily, if their alternative would be to compromise client freedom (as this is their main selling point). The following are some notable examples of bulletproof hosts, with their takedown time:  *  Russian Business Network (or RBN), taken down in November 2007  *  Atrivo/Intercage, taken down in September 2008  *  McColo, taken down in November 2008  *  3FN, taken down by FTC in June 2009  *  Real Host, taken down in August 2009  *  Ural Industrial Company, taken down in Sep 2009  *  Group Vertical, taken down in Oct 2009  *  Riccom, taken down in December 2009  *  Troyak, taken down in March 2010  *  Proxiez, taken down in May 2010  *  Voze Networks, taken down in February 2011  *  Santrex, closed in October 2013 after failing to pay its datacentre provider.comment Bulletproof hosting (sometimes known as bulk-friendly hosting) is a service provided by some domain hosting or web hosting firms that allows their customer considerable leniency in the kinds of material they may upload and distribute. This leniency has been taken advantage of by spammers and providers of online gambling or illegal pornography. Many if not most 'bulletproof hosts' are in China, other parts of Asia, and Russia/Russia's surrounding countries, though this is not always the case. For example, McColo, responsible for 2/3rds of the world's spam when taken down, was US based..
5/16	==DB== Bulletproof.producer Hard Stuff.Harvest Records.Purple Records.Angel Air Records.Red Fox Records.nextAlbum Bolex Dementia.Bulletproof (Hard Stuff album).Bulletproof is the first album by the 1970s British rock band Hard Stuff. It was released on Purple Records, the Deep Purple-related record label. It also featured vocalist Harry Shaw, formerly of Curiosity Shoppe (who recorded one single on Deram), but he had left the band by the time of its release and was uncredited. The record sleeve was re-designed to remove Shaw's image (originally shown on the bottom right hand side)..comment Bulletproof is the first album by the 1970s British rock band Hard Stuff. It was released on Purple Records, the Deep Purple-related record label. It also featured vocalist Harry Shaw, formerly of Curiosity Shoppe (who recorded one single on Deram), but he had left the band by the time of its release and was uncredited. The record sleeve was re-designed to remove Shaw's image (originally shown on the bottom right hand side)..
6/16	==DB== Bulletproof.length 3145.0.released 1996-09-03.Bulletproof (1996 soundtrack).Bulletproof is the soundtrack to the 1996 action-comedy film, Bulletproof. It was released on September 3, 1996 through MCA Records and contained mainly hip hop and R&B music. The album peaked at #85 on the Billboard 200 and #23 on the Top R&B Albums and featured five charting singles "Champagne", "Where I'm From", "Where You Are", "Until The Day", and "How Could You"..comment Bulletproof is the soundtrack to the 1996 action-comedy film, Bulletproof. It was released on September 3, 1996 through MCA Records and contained mainly hip hop and R&B music. The album peaked at #85 on the Billboard 200 and #23 on the Top R&B Albums and featured five charting singles "Champagne", "Where I'm From", "Where You Are", "Until The Day", and "How Could You"..
7/16	==DB== Bulletproof.Shadyville Entertainment.released 2007-07-23.artist 50.lastAlbum The Massacre.nextAlbum Curtis.Bulletproof (soundtrack).Bulletproof is a soundtrack album of the game 50 Cent: Bulletproof released by Shadyville Entertainment..comment Bulletproof is a soundtrack album of the game 50 Cent: Bulletproof released by Shadyville Entertainment..
8/16	==DB== Bulletproof.released 2008-06-24.lastAlbum Best of the Sugar Hill Years.nextAlbum Somewhere in Time.Bulletproof (Reckless Kelly album).Bulletproof is the fifth studio album by Red Dirt artist Reckless Kelly. It was released on June 24, 2008. The album tracks critical of and reflecting on recent sociopolitical unfoldings, such as the Iraq War and Hurricane Katrina..comment Bulletproof is the fifth studio album by Red Dirt artist Reckless Kelly. It was released on June 24, 2008. The album tracks critical of and reflecting on recent sociopolitical unfoldings, such as the Iraq War and Hurricane Katrina..
9/16	==DB== Bulletproof.producer Ben Langmaid.producer Elly Jackson.writer Ben Langmaid.length 205.0.released 2009-06-21.format 7".lastSingle "In for the Kill".nextSingle "I'm Not Your Toy".Bulletproof (La Roux song)."Bulletproof" is a song by English synthpop duo La Roux from their eponymous debut album, La Roux (2009). Written and produced by members Elly Jackson and Ben Langmaid, the song was released digitally in the United Kingdom on 21 June 2009 and physically the following day as the album's third single. "Bulletproof" was met with both critical and commercial success, debuting at number one on the UK Singles Chart. It was a sleeper hit in the United States, where it peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100 in June 2010, following televised performances of the song on The Ellen DeGeneres Show and Last Call with Carson Daly. It has been downloaded 2,324,000 times in the US as of September 2012. It also reached within the top ten of Australia, Austria, the Belgian territory of Flanders, Ireland, New Zealand and Ukraine..comment "Bulletproof" is a song by English synthpop duo La Roux from their eponymous debut album, La Roux (2009). Written and produced by members Elly Jackson and Ben Langmaid, the song was released digitally in the United Kingdom on 21 June 2009 and physically the following day as the album's third single..
10/16	==DB== Bulletproof.length 284.0.released 2009-09-22.artist Raheem DeVaughn featuring Ludacris.Bulletproof (Raheem DeVaughn song)."Bulletproof" is a song by American singer Raheem DeVaughn, it is the first single from his third studio album, The Love & War MasterPeace (2010). This song features rapper Ludacris, and samples Curtis Mayfield's "The Other Side of Town"..comment "Bulletproof" is a song by American singer Raheem DeVaughn, it is the first single from his third studio album, The Love & War MasterPeace (2010). This song features rapper Ludacris, and samples Curtis Mayfield's "The Other Side of Town"..
11/16	==DB== Baldwin P. "Bulletproof" Vess.
12/16	==DB== BulletProof Music.founded 1997.BulletProof Music.BulletProof Music (also known as Bulletboy Music) is a now-defunct independent record label that was founded in 1997. The label was owned by gray dot, inc., alongside gray dot records, and was distributed by Diamante Distribution..comment BulletProof Music (also known as Bulletboy Music) is a now-defunct independent record label that was founded in 1997. The label was owned by gray dot, inc., alongside gray dot records, and was distributed by Diamante Distribution..
13/16	==DB== Bulletproofing.Bulletproofing is the process of making something capable of stopping a bullet or similar high velocity projectiles e.g. shrapnel. The term bullet resistance is often preferred because few, if any, practical materials provide complete protection against all types of bullets, or multiple hits in the same location..comment Bulletproofing is the process of making something capable of stopping a bullet or similar high velocity projectiles e.g. shrapnel. The term bullet resistance is often preferred because few, if any, practical materials provide complete protection against all types of bullets, or multiple hits in the same location..
14/16	==DB== Bulletproof.runtime 94.starring *.budget 5000000.0.gross 807947.0.Bulletproof (1988 film).Bulletproof is a 1988 action movie directed by Steve Carver..comment Bulletproof is a 1988 action movie directed by Steve Carver..
15/16	==DB== characterName Bulletproof.Bulletproof (comics).Bulletproof is a fictional character a comic book superhero from the Image Comics series Invincible. His first appearance was in Invincible #9. Before the name "Invincible" was settled on, "Bulletproof" was one of the proposed names of the main character of the series. Bulletproof's costume also appears to be based on early designs for Invincible's costume, and in Invincible's first visit to Art Rosenbaum, the tailor who supplies his costumes, Art's initial offering ends up being worn by Bulletproof. In Invincible #89, Bulletproof takes up the Invincible mantle while Mark recovers from the Scourge Virus..comment Bulletproof is a fictional character a comic book superhero from the Image Comics series Invincible. His first appearance was in Invincible #9. Before the name "Invincible" was settled on, "Bulletproof" was one of the proposed names of the main character of the series. Bulletproof's costume also appears to be based on early designs for Invincible's costume, and in Invincible's first visit to Art Rosenbaum, the tailor who supplies his costumes, Art's initial offering ends up being worn by Bulletproof..
16/16	==DB== publisher Vivendi Games.title 50.released --11-17.released 2006-08-29.50 Cent: Bulletproof.50 Cent: Bulletproof is an action video game for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox consoles. 50 Cent: Bulletproof was reworked into a PlayStation Portable version and titled 50 Cent: Bulletproof G Unit Edition, with a top-down perspective. A sequel, 50 Cent: Blood on the Sand, was released on February 24, 2009 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The story revolves around protagonist hip hop musician 50 Cent's search for vengeance against the hitmen who attempted to murder him. The game features members of the G-Unit rap crew as a gang. Dr. Dre plays an arms dealer, Eminem plays a corrupt police officer, and DJ Whoo Kid plays himself as a person selling "bootlegged" music (of the G-Unit camp) out of his trunk. A soundtrack album titled, Bulletproof, was released by DJ Red Heat's Shadyville Entertainment. It won "Best Original Song" in the 2005 Spike TV Video Game Awards..comment 50 Cent: Bulletproof is an action video game for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox consoles. 50 Cent: Bulletproof was reworked into a PlayStation Portable version and titled 50 Cent: Bulletproof G Unit Edition, with a top-down perspective. A sequel, 50 Cent: Blood on the Sand, was released on February 24, 2009 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360..
===11	bus stop	12
1/12	==DB== 
2/12	==DB== Bus stop.A bus stop is a designated place where buses stop for passengers to board or alight from a bus. These are normally positioned on the highway and are distinct from off-highway facilities such as bus stations. The construction of bus stops tends to reflect the level of usage. Stops at busy locations may have shelters, seating and possibly electronic passenger information systems; less busy stops may use a simple pole and flag to mark the location and "customary stops" have no specific infrastructure being known by their description. Bus stops may be clustered together into transport hubs allowing interchange between routes from nearby stops and with other public transport modes..comment A bus stop is a designated place where buses stop for passengers to board or alight from a bus. These are normally positioned on the highway and are distinct from off-highway facilities such as bus stations. The construction of bus stops tends to reflect the level of usage. Stops at busy locations may have shelters, seating and possibly electronic passenger information systems; less busy stops may use a simple pole and flag to mark the location and "customary stops" have no specific infrastructure being known by their description. Bus stops may be clustered together into transport hubs allowing interchange between routes from nearby stops and with other public transport modes..
3/12	==DB== The Bus Stop.The Bus Stop is a Chinese absurdist play written in 1981 by Gao Xingjian. Though originally completed in 1981, a second draft wasn't completed until 1982, and the play was not performed on stage until 1983. The play premiered at the Beijing People's Art Theatre and was directed by Lin Zhaohua, the Deputy Director of the People's Art Theatre. Though appreciated by many audiences, the original run was shut down by the Anti-Spiritual Pollution Campaign after only 13 performances. Now banned from performance in mainland China, The Bus Stop remains an influential text in Chinese absurdist drama..comment The Bus Stop is a Chinese absurdist play written in 1981 by Gao Xingjian. Though originally completed in 1981, a second draft wasn't completed until 1982, and the play was not performed on stage until 1983. The play premiered at the Beijing People's Art Theatre and was directed by Lin Zhaohua, the Deputy Director of the People's Art Theatre. Though appreciated by many audiences, the original run was shut down by the Anti-Spiritual Pollution Campaign after only 13 performances. Now banned from performance in mainland China, The Bus Stop remains an influential text in Chinese absurdist drama..
4/12	==DB== The Bus Stop Song.A traditional song, it was orchestrated by Ken Darby in 1956 but a version (called The Keys of Canterbury) was known in the 19th century and Alan Lomax collected it as "A Paper of Pins" in the 1930s. It is best known in a recording, made on July 17, 1956, by The Four Lads and dubbed over the opening credits of the movie, with some of its lyrics also included in early dialogue. This recording was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 40736. It first reached the Billboard charts on September 15, 1956. On the Disk Jockey chart, it peaked at #17; on the Best Seller chart, at #22; on the composite chart of the top 100 songs, it reached #23. The flip side was "A House with Love in It.".comment A traditional song, it was orchestrated by Ken Darby in 1956 but a version (called The Keys of Canterbury) was known in the 19th century and Alan Lomax collected it as "A Paper of Pins" in the 1930s. It is best known in a recording, made on July 17, 1956, by The Four Lads and dubbed over the opening credits of the movie, with some of its lyrics also included in early dialogue. This recording was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 40736. It first reached the Billboard charts on September 15, 1956. On the Disk Jockey chart, it peaked at #17; on the Best Seller chart, at #22; on the composite chart of the top 100 songs, it reached #23. The flip side was "A House with Love in It.".
5/12	==DB== Bus Stop.distributor 20.runtime 5760.0.budget 2200000.0.gross 7270000.0.Bus Stop (1956 film).Bus Stop is a 1956 American romantic comedy film directed by Joshua Logan for 20th Century Fox, starring Marilyn Monroe, Don Murray, Arthur O'Connell, Betty Field, Eileen Heckart, Robert Bray and Hope Lange. Unlike most of Monroe's movies, Bus Stop is neither a full-fledged comedy nor a musical, but rather a dramatic piece; it was the first film she appeared in after studying at the Actors Studio in New York. Monroe does however sing one song: "That Old Black Magic" by Harold Arlen and Johnny Mercer. Bus Stop was based on two plays by William Inge, People in the Wind and Bus Stop. The inspiration for the play Bus Stop came from people Inge met in Tonganoxie, Kansas. In the 1961–62 season, ABC adapted the play and film into a television series of the same name, Bus Stop starring Marilyn Maxwell as the owner of the bus station and diner. In the segment "Chérie" which most closely follows the film, Tuesday Weld performed the role of Marilyn Monroe, and Gary Lockwood appeared as the Don Murray character. The film was shot in Idaho and Arizona..comment Bus Stop is a 1956 American romantic comedy film directed by Joshua Logan for 20th Century Fox, starring Marilyn Monroe, Don Murray, Arthur O'Connell, Betty Field, Eileen Heckart, Robert Bray and Hope Lange. Unlike most of Monroe's movies, Bus Stop is neither a full-fledged comedy nor a musical, but rather a dramatic piece; it was the first film she appeared in after studying at the Actors Studio in New York. Monroe does however sing one song: "That Old Black Magic" by Harold Arlen and Johnny Mercer. The film was shot in Idaho and Arizona..
6/12	==DB== runtime 60.showName Bus Stop.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 26.executiveProducer Roy Huggins.company Belmont Television Company, Inc. in association with 20th Century-Fox Television.firstAired 1961-10-01.lastAired 1962-03-25.Bus Stop (TV series).Bus Stop is a 26-episode American drama which aired on ABC from October 1, 1961, until March 25, 1962, starring Marilyn Maxwell as Grace Sherwood, the owner of a bus station and diner in the fictitious town of Sunrise in the Colorado Rockies. The program was adapted from William Inge's play, Bus Stop, and Inge was a script consultant for the series, which followed the lives of travelers passing through the bus station and the diner. Maxwell's co-stars were Richard Anderson as District Attorney Glenn Wagner, Rhodes Reason as Sheriff Will Mayberry, Joan Freeman as waitress Elma Gahrigner, Bernard Kates as Ralph the coroner, and Buddy Ebsen as Virge Blessing..comment Bus Stop is a 26-episode American drama which aired on ABC from October 1, 1961, until March 25, 1962, starring Marilyn Maxwell as Grace Sherwood, the owner of a bus station and diner in the fictitious town of Sunrise in the Colorado Rockies. The program was adapted from William Inge's play, Bus Stop, and Inge was a script consultant for the series, which followed the lives of travelers passing through the bus station and the diner. Maxwell's co-stars were Richard Anderson as District Attorney Glenn Wagner, Rhodes Reason as Sheriff Will Mayberry, Joan Freeman as waitress Elma Gahrigner, Bernard Kates as Ralph the coroner, and Buddy Ebsen as Virge Blessing..
7/12	==SS== A place where public transport buses stop to allow passengers to board or leave.
8/12	==DB== Bus Stop.premiere 1955-03-02.Bus Stop (William Inge play).Bus Stop is a 1955 play by William Inge. The 1956 film of the same name is only loosely based on it..comment Bus Stop is a 1955 play by William Inge. The 1956 film of the same name is only loosely based on it..
9/12	==DB== Bus Stop.starring Rao Ramesh.starring Sai Kumar P.released 2012-10-14.released 2012-11-11.lastAlbum Ee Rojullo.nextAlbum Prema Katha Chithram.Bus Stop (2012 film).Bus Stop (Telugu: బస్ స్టాప్) is a Telugu film Directed by Maruthi starring Prince and Sri Divya in the Lead Roles. This is his next Directorial Venture after Ee Rojullo. Bellamkonda Suresh produced this film and J.B. provided the Music. The Movie was planned for a release on 9 November 2012 but was released on 11 November 2012 due to Issues with Censor Board. The Movie was one of the Hit Movies of 2012 in Telugu Industry..comment Bus Stop (Telugu: బస్ స్టాప్) is a Telugu film Directed by Maruthi starring Prince and Sri Divya in the Lead Roles. This is his next Directorial Venture after Ee Rojullo. Bellamkonda Suresh produced this film and J.B. provided the Music. The Movie was planned for a release on 9 November 2012 but was released on 11 November 2012 due to Issues with Censor Board. The Movie was one of the Hit Movies of 2012 in Telugu Industry..
10/12	==DB== Bus Stop.yearsActive 1998.background group_or_band.currentMembers Mark Hall.currentMembers Graham Turner.currentMembers Nikki Reid.Bus Stop (band).Bus Stop were a British dance act made up of Darren Sampson (known as Daz Sampson), alongside Graham Turner, Mark Hall and Nikki Reid (Lane). It was formed in 1998 and had a string of hit singles before disbanding in 2002. The main vocalist Daz Sampson went on for a successful musical career including representing Britain in 2006 in the Eurovision Song Contest..comment Bus Stop were a British dance act made up of Darren Sampson (known as Daz Sampson), alongside Graham Turner, Mark Hall and Nikki Reid (Lane). It was formed in 1998 and had a string of hit singles before disbanding in 2002. The main vocalist Daz Sampson went on for a successful musical career including representing Britain in 2006 in the Eurovision Song Contest..
11/12	==DB== Bus Stop.Imperial LP-9330.lastAlbum Beat Group!.nextAlbum Stop! Stop! Stop!.Bus Stop (album).Bus Stop is the fourth U.S. album by The Hollies, released on Imperial Records in mono (LP-9330) and rechanneled stereo (LP-12330) in October 1966. It features songs ranging from both sides of the band's then-current hit single to material recorded in the Hollies' early days on the UK's Parlophone Records in 1963, 1964 and 1965. The song "Oriental Sadness" had previously been issued in the U.S. on the Hollies' album Beat Group! earlier in 1966. All of the material except the current single ("Bus Stop"/"Don't Run and Hide") featured Eric Haydock on bass. The A-side of the single, also the album's title track. featured "fill-in" bassist Bernie Calvert, who later replaced Haydock in the Hollies. One song ("Little Lover"), recorded in 1963, featured original Hollies drummer Don Rathbone instead of Bobby Elliott, and two other songs "Candy Man" and "Baby That's All" came from the UK version of the group's first album, Stay with The Hollies. Bus Stop was also the fourth Canadian album by The Hollies, released on Capitol Records in mono and stereo ((S)T-6195) on November 7, 1966. Unlike its American counterpart, it didn't include any material from before the 1965 recording sessions for the Hollies album. Instead, the album combined the current single with generally unissued tracks from the UK albums Hollies and Would You Believe? Three songs ("Oriental Sadness", "That's How Strong My Love Is" and "I Take What I Want") had previously been issued in Canada on the Hollies' album I Can't Let Go / Look Through Any Window earlier in 1966 This was the last Hollies album in the U.S. or Canada on which songs composed by Allan Clarke, Tony Hicks and Graham Nash would be credited to "L. Ransford". In addition, one 1964 song included on the album is credited to another Clarke-Hicks-Nash pseudonym, "Chester Mann" (an inversion of Manchester, where the band was from)..comment Bus Stop is the fourth U.S. album by The Hollies, released on Imperial Records in mono (LP-9330) and rechanneled stereo (LP-12330) in October 1966. It features songs ranging from both sides of the band's then-current hit single to material recorded in the Hollies' early days on the UK's Parlophone Records in 1963, 1964 and 1965. The song "Oriental Sadness" had previously been issued in the U.S. on the Hollies' album Beat Group! earlier in 1966..
12/12	==DB== Bus Stop.length 171.0.released 1966-06-17.recorded 1966-05-18.format 7.bSide "Don't Run and Hide".lastSingle "I Can't Let Go".nextSingle "After the Fox".Bus Stop (song)."Bus Stop" is a song recorded and released as a single by the British pop band The Hollies in 1966. It reached No. 5 in the UK Singles Chart. It was the Hollies' first US hit, reaching No. 5 on the Billboard charts in September 1966..comment "Bus Stop" is a song recorded and released as a single by the British pop band The Hollies in 1966. It reached No. 5 in the UK Singles Chart. It was the Hollies' first US hit, reaching No. 5 on the Billboard charts in September 1966..
===12	bus terminal	2
1/2	==DB== Bus terminal.
2/2	==DB== Bus station.A bus station is a structure where city or intercity buses stop to pick up and drop off passengers. While the term bus depot also refers to a bus station, "bus depot" may be used to refer to a bus garage. A bus station is larger than a bus stop, which is usually simply a place on the roadside, where buses can stop. It may be intended as a terminal station for a number of routes, or as a transfer station where the routes continue. Bus station platforms may be assigned to fixed bus lines, or variable in combination with a dynamic passenger information system. The latter requires fewer platforms, but does not supply the passenger the comfort of knowing the platform well in advance and waiting there..comment A bus station is a structure where city or intercity buses stop to pick up and drop off passengers. While the term bus depot also refers to a bus station, "bus depot" may be used to refer to a bus garage. A bus station is larger than a bus stop, which is usually simply a place on the roadside, where buses can stop. It may be intended as a terminal station for a number of routes, or as a transfer station where the routes continue..
===13	business trip	3
1/3	==DB== title Business Trip.series The Office.season 5.airdate 2008-11-13.episode 8.Business Trip."Business Trip" is the eighth episode of the fifth season of the television series The Office, and the show's eightieth episode overall. The episode aired in the United States on November 13, 2008 on NBC. In this episode, Michael, Oscar and Andy are sent to Winnipeg, Manitoba on a business trip, where Michael has trouble understanding the actual purpose of the concierge and Andy and Oscar bond. Meanwhile, Jim and the rest of the office eagerly wait for Pam's return from art school..comment "Business Trip" is the eighth episode of the fifth season of the television series The Office, and the show's eightieth episode overall. The episode aired in the United States on November 13, 2008 on NBC. In this episode, Michael, Oscar and Andy are sent to Winnipeg, Manitoba on a business trip, where Michael has trouble understanding the actual purpose of the concierge and Andy and Oscar bond. Meanwhile, Jim and the rest of the office eagerly wait for Pam's return from art school..
2/3	==SS== Travel for business purposes, often paid for at least partially by the employer.
3/3	==DB== Business tourism.Business tourism or business travel is a more limited and focused subset of regular tourism. During business tourism (traveling), individuals are still working and being paid, but are doing so away from both their workplace and home. Some definitions of tourism tend to exclude business travel. However, the World Tourism Organization (WTO) defines tourists as people "traveling to and staying in places outside their usual environment for not more than one consecutive year for leisure, business and other purposes". Primary business tourism activities include meetings, and attending conferences and exhibitions. Despite the term business in business tourism, when individuals from government or non-profit organizations engage in similar activities, this is still categorized as business tourism (travel)..comment Business tourism or business travel is a more limited and focused subset of regular tourism. During business tourism (traveling), individuals are still working and being paid, but are doing so away from both their workplace and home. Some definitions of tourism tend to exclude business travel. However, the World Tourism Organization (WTO) defines tourists as people "traveling to and staying in places outside their usual environment for not more than one consecutive year for leisure, business and other purposes"..
===14	car wash	5
1/5	==SS== An event at which people (often children) wash cars, often for a small fee or donation
2/5	==DB== Car wash.A car wash (also written as "carwash") or auto wash is a facility used to clean the exterior and, in some cases, the interior of motor vehicles. Car washes can be self-serve, fully automated, or full-service with attendants who wash the vehicle..comment A car wash (also written as "carwash") or auto wash is a facility used to clean the exterior and, in some cases, the interior of motor vehicles. Car washes can be self-serve, fully automated, or full-service with attendants who wash the vehicle..
3/5	==DB== Car Wash.type soundtrack.length 4390.0.released 1976-09-13.nextAlbum Rose Royce II: In Full Bloom.Car Wash (soundtrack).Car Wash is a soundtrack double album released by the Funk band Rose Royce on the MCA label in September 1976. It was produced by Norman Whitfield. It is the soundtrack/film score to the 1976 hit comedy Car Wash that featured Richard Pryor and George Carlin and is also the debut album for Rose Royce..comment Car Wash is a soundtrack double album released by the Funk band Rose Royce on the MCA label in September 1976. It was produced by Norman Whitfield. It is the soundtrack/film score to the 1976 hit comedy Car Wash that featured Richard Pryor and George Carlin and is also the debut album for Rose Royce..
4/5	==DB== Car Wash.genre *.producer Norman Whitfield.producer *Elliott *Aguilera *.producer *T. Herzberg *C. Styles *Bang Out *Silence.released 2004-08-29.artist Christina Aguilera featuring Missy Elliott.format *.bSide "Water".bSide "Can't Wait".certification Platinum.nextSingle "I Wanna Get Next to You".Car Wash (song)."Car Wash" is a hit R&B song performed by Rose Royce and written and produced by Norman Whitfield. It was the group's debut single and one of the most notable successes of the disco era. "Car Wash", the theme of the 1976 film Car Wash, was Rose Royce's most successful hit single and the lead single from their first album, the Car Wash soundtrack. Reaching number one in the United States on the Billboard pop and R&B charts, "Car Wash" also peaked at number three on the disco charts and reached number nine in the UK singles chart in February 1977. The song was later covered in 2004 by Christina Aguilera and Missy Elliott, who released their version as the single for the Shark Tale soundtrack..comment "Car Wash" is a hit R&B song performed by Rose Royce and written and produced by Norman Whitfield. It was the group's debut single and one of the most notable successes of the disco era. "Car Wash", the theme of the 1976 film Car Wash, was Rose Royce's most successful hit single and the lead single from their first album, the Car Wash soundtrack. Reaching number one in the United States on the Billboard pop and R&B charts, "Car Wash" also peaked at number three on the disco charts and reached number nine in the UK singles chart in February 1977. The song was later covered in 2004 by Christina Aguilera and Missy Elliott, who released their version as the single for the Shark Tale soundtrack..
5/5	==DB== Car Wash.runtime 5820.0.released 1976-10-22.Car Wash (film).Car Wash is a 1976 American comedy film released by Universal Pictures. The Art Linson Production was directed by Michael Schultz from a screenplay by Joel Schumacher. Starring Franklyn Ajaye, Bill Duke, George Carlin, Irwin Corey, Ivan Dixon, Antonio Fargas, Jack Kehoe, Clarence Muse, Lorraine Gary, The Pointer Sisters, and Richard Pryor, Car Wash is an episodic comedy about a day in the lives of the employees and the owner, Mr. B (Sully Boyar), of a Los Angeles, California car wash (filmed at a Westlake car wash at the corner of Rampart Blvd. and 6th St.)..comment Car Wash is a 1976 American comedy film released by Universal Pictures. The Art Linson Production was directed by Michael Schultz from a screenplay by Joel Schumacher. Starring Franklyn Ajaye, Bill Duke, George Carlin, Irwin Corey, Ivan Dixon, Antonio Fargas, Jack Kehoe, Clarence Muse, Lorraine Gary, The Pointer Sisters, and Richard Pryor, Car Wash is an episodic comedy about a day in the lives of the employees and the owner, Mr. B (Sully Boyar), of a Los Angeles, California car wash (filmed at a Westlake car wash at the corner of Rampart Blvd. and 6th St.)..
===15	cash machine	3
1/3	==SS== An automated teller machine.
2/3	==DB== Cash Machine.producer Wolsey White, Richard Archer.length 223.0.released 2005-01-24.recorded Staines, 2004.format 7.0.nextSingle "Tied up too Tight".Cash Machine.(This article is about the song. For the device, see Automated teller machine.) "Cash Machine" is the debut single by English indie rock band Hard-Fi, taken from their debut album Stars of CCTV. It was originally released on 24 January 2005, where it was ineligible in the UK Singles Chart due to the inclusion of a sticker. After the success of singles such as "Hard to Beat", it was re-released on 26 December 2005 peaking at #14 in the UK singles chart and #15 on the US Modern Rock chart. There have been three different music videos: one low-budget for the original release, and two versions for the re-release..comment (This article is about the song. For the device, see Automated teller machine.) "Cash Machine" is the debut single by English indie rock band Hard-Fi, taken from their debut album Stars of CCTV. It was originally released on 24 January 2005, where it was ineligible in the UK Singles Chart due to the inclusion of a sticker. After the success of singles such as "Hard to Beat", it was re-released on 26 December 2005 peaking at #14 in the UK singles chart and #15 on the US Modern Rock chart. There have been three different music videos: one low-budget for the original release, and two versions for the re-release..
3/3	==DB== Cash machine.A cash machine, also known as an automated teller machine (ATM, American, British, Australian, Malaysian, South African, Singaporean, Indian, Maldivian, Hiberno, Philippine and Sri Lankan English), automated banking machine (ABM, Canadian English), cashpoint, cashline, minibank, bankomat or colloquially hole in the wall (British English) is an electronic telecommunications device that enables the customers of a financial institution to perform financial transactions, particularly cash withdrawal, without the need for a human cashier, clerk or bank teller. According to the ATM Industry Association (ATMIA), there are now close to 3 million cash machines installed worldwide. On most modern cash machines, the customer is identified by inserting a plastic ATM card with a magnetic stripe or a plastic smart card with a chip that contains a unique card number and some security information such as an expiration date or CVVC (CVV). Authentication is provided by the customer entering a personal identification number (PIN). Using a cash machine, customers can access their bank deposit or credit accounts in order to make a variety of transactions such as cash withdrawals, check balances, or credit mobile phones. If the currency being withdrawn from the cash machine is different from that in which the bank account is denominated the money will be converted at an official exchange rate. Thus, cash machines often provide the best possible exchange rates for foreign travellers, and are widely used for this purpose..comment A cash machine, also known as an automated teller machine (ATM, American, British, Australian, Malaysian, South African, Singaporean, Indian, Maldivian, Hiberno, Philippine and Sri Lankan English), automated banking machine (ABM, Canadian English), cashpoint, cashline, minibank, bankomat or colloquially hole in the wall (British English) is an electronic telecommunications device that enables the customers of a financial institution to perform financial transactions, particularly cash withdrawal, without the need for a human cashier, clerk or bank teller..
===16	closing time	11
1/11	==DB== Closing Time (Beavis and Butt-head).
2/11	==DB== Closing Time.length 273.0.length 229.0.released 1998-03-10.Closing Time (Semisonic song)."Closing Time" is a song by American alternative rock band Semisonic. It was released in March 1998 as the lead single from their album Feeling Strangely Fine. Their signature song, it was written by Dan Wilson and produced by Nick Launay. It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song in 1999. It reached #1 on Modern Rock Tracks. The song is about people leaving a bar at closing time.Jacob Slichter has also indicated that the song was written by Wilson "in anticipation of fatherhood" and that it is about "being sent forth from the womb as if by a bouncer clearing out a bar.".comment "Closing Time" is a song by American alternative rock band Semisonic. It was released in March 1998 as the lead single from their album Feeling Strangely Fine. Their signature song, it was written by Dan Wilson and produced by Nick Launay. It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song in 1999. It reached #1 on Modern Rock Tracks. The song is about people leaving a bar at closing time.Jacob Slichter has also indicated that the song was written by Wilson "in anticipation of fatherhood" and that it is about "being sent forth from the womb as if by a bouncer clearing out a bar.".
3/11	==DB== Closing Time.pages 464.mediaType Print.Closing Time (novel).Closing Time is a 1994 novel by Joseph Heller, written as a sequel to the popular Catch-22. It takes place in New York City in the 1990s, and revisits some characters of the original, including Yossarian, Milo Minderbinder and Chaplain Tappman. The book has two stories that are interwoven throughout – that of Yossarian in the last stages of his life, and that of Sammy Singer and Lew Rabinowitz, two men from Coney Island who also fought in World War II (the Sammy Singer character makes a brief appearance in Catch-22 as the tailgunner aboard Yossarian's bomber who kept waking up and fainting when he saw Yossarian trying to attend to the wounds of Snowden). As with Catch-22, the topic of death is omnipresent, only in this case from (usually) age-related illnesses, in particular cancer (rather than dying in battle, as with its predecessor). One notable inconsistency in the book is that although Yossarian was 28 in Catch-22, which took place in 1944, in Closing Time Yossarian is 68, and the time of Catch-22 is referred to as "50 years ago". When asked about the inconsistency in an interview with The New York Times, Heller replied, "I know, but I decided to ignore it." There is a man mentioned by Lew named Vonnegut, whom he met while in Dresden. This is a reference to Kurt Vonnegut's experiences in the Bombing of Dresden and his book Slaughterhouse-Five. A character named Joey Heller is also mentioned who, like the author, was a bombardier during the Second World War and suffers with Guillain–Barré syndrome..comment Closing Time is a 1994 novel by Joseph Heller, written as a sequel to the popular Catch-22. It takes place in New York City in the 1990s, and revisits some characters of the original, including Yossarian, Milo Minderbinder and Chaplain Tappman. As with Catch-22, the topic of death is omnipresent, only in this case from (usually) age-related illnesses, in particular cancer (rather than dying in battle, as with its predecessor)..
4/11	==DB== Closing Time.length 259.0.length 385.0.format 7".format 12".bSide "I Was Like That".bSide "Friends of Billy Bear".bSide "Into the Good Night".lastSingle "Twist and Shout".nextSingle "Cover from the Sky".Closing Time (Deacon Blue song).Closing Time is the third single from the album Fellow Hoodlums by the Scottish rock band Deacon Blue. It peaked at No. 42 in the UK Singles Chart. Two of the three B-sides, "I Was Like That" and "Friends of Billy Bear", continue the style of "Fourteen Years" and "Faifley" on the "Your Swaying Arms" single, utilizing raw, Blues-influenced music and low, gruff, and rambling spoken and sung vocals from Ricky Ross. The third B-side, "Into the Good Night", is a more traditional Deacon Blue ballad..comment Closing Time is the third single from the album Fellow Hoodlums by the Scottish rock band Deacon Blue. It peaked at No. 42 in the UK Singles Chart. Two of the three B-sides, "I Was Like That" and "Friends of Billy Bear", continue the style of "Fourteen Years" and "Faifley" on the "Your Swaying Arms" single, utilizing raw, Blues-influenced music and low, gruff, and rambling spoken and sung vocals from Ricky Ross. The third B-side, "Into the Good Night", is a more traditional Deacon Blue ballad..
5/11	==DB== Closing time effect."Closing time effect" refers to the phenomenon that individuals begin to perceive the opposite gender as being more attractive as it gets later into the night. This observation was first coined by Mickey Gilley in his song, "Don't the Girls All Get Prettier at Closing Time" in 1975. Subsequently, it caught the attention of social psychologists who used scientific testing to gather evidence in support of the idea..comment "Closing time effect" refers to the phenomenon that individuals begin to perceive the opposite gender as being more attractive as it gets later into the night. This observation was first coined by Mickey Gilley in his song, "Don't the Girls All Get Prettier at Closing Time" in 1975. Subsequently, it caught the attention of social psychologists who used scientific testing to gather evidence in support of the idea..
6/11	==DB== Closing Time (Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps).
7/11	==DB== date 2011-09-24.length 2700.0.executiveProducer Steven Moffat.serialName Closing Time.preceding "The God Complex".following "The Wedding of River Song".Closing Time (Doctor Who)."Closing Time" is the twelfth and penultimate episode of the sixth series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who, and was first broadcast on BBC One on 24 September 2011. It was written by Gareth Roberts and directed by Steve Hughs. It is a sequel to "The Lodger", an episode Roberts wrote for the previous series. In the episode, alien time traveller the Doctor (Matt Smith) is going on a "farewell tour" before his impending death and visits his friend Craig (James Corden), who has a new baby son, Alfie. Though not initially intending to stay, the Doctor becomes intrigued by a Cybermen invasion at a local department store. Roberts and showrunner Steven Moffat wanted to bring Craig back, having enjoyed "The Lodger" and Corden's performance. Though "Closing Time" was designed to be fun, with comedy built around the double act of Smith and Corden, it contains themes and an epilogue that lead into the finale. The episode marks the first appearance of the Cybermats in the revival of Doctor Who, and they were appropriately redesigned. Much of the episode was filmed in a department store and a private home in Cardiff at night, with shooting going early into the morning. "Closing Time" was watched by 6.93 million viewers in the UK and received generally positive reviews from critics; while the performances, comedy, and emotional moments were praised, many critics were not pleased with the usage of the Cybermen..comment "Closing Time" is the twelfth and penultimate episode of the sixth series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who, and was first broadcast on BBC One on 24 September 2011. It was written by Gareth Roberts and directed by Steve Hughs. It is a sequel to "The Lodger", an episode Roberts wrote for the previous series..
8/11	==SS== 
9/11	==DB== Closing Time.filename Ol55clip.ogg.title 55.0.description The album's opening track features distinctive use of piano with folk-led instrumentation, a key factor to how the album eventually sounded..nextAlbum The Heart of Saturday Night.recorded Early 1972 at Sunset Sound Recorders and United Western Recorders in Hollywood, California.Closing Time (album).Closing Time is the debut studio album by the American singer-songwriter Tom Waits, released in March 1973 on Asylum Records. Produced and arranged by former Lovin' Spoonful member Jerry Yester, Closing Time was the first of seven of Waits' major releases through Asylum. The album is noted for being predominantly folk influenced although Waits intended for Closing Time to be "a jazz, piano-led album." Upon release, the album was mildly successful in the United States, although it did not chart and received little attention from music press in the United Kingdom and elsewhere internationally. Critical reaction to Closing Time was positive. The album's only single—"Ol' '55"—attracted attention due to a cover version by Waits' better-known label mates The Eagles. Other songs from the album were covered by artists ranging from Tim Buckley to Bette Midler. The album has been certified Gold in the United Kingdom and has gained a contemporary cult following among rock fans. The album has been reissued four times since its initial release: on LP in 1976, on CD in 1992 and 1999, and 180 gram LP in 2010..comment Closing Time is the debut studio album by the American singer-songwriter Tom Waits, released in March 1973 on Asylum Records. Produced and arranged by former Lovin' Spoonful member Jerry Yester, Closing Time was the first of seven of Waits' major releases through Asylum..
10/11	==DB== Closing Time: The True Story of the Goodbar Murder.Closing Time: The True Story of the Goodbar Murder.Closing Time: The True Story of the "Goodbar" Murder is a 1977 non-fiction book by Lacey Fosburgh about the murder of Roseann Quinn, the story of whose murder was the basis for Judith Rossner's 1975 novel Looking for Mr. Goodbar and the eponymous 1977 film. Closing Time was nominated for the 1978 Edgar Award for Best Fact Crime book. The book met with some controversy at the time for mixing fact and fiction in a technique Fosburgh described as "interpretive biography". She told the New York Times in 1980 that she had "created scenes and dialogue I think it is reasonable or fair to assume could have taken place, perhaps even did.".comment Closing Time: The True Story of the "Goodbar" Murder is a 1977 non-fiction book by Lacey Fosburgh about the murder of Roseann Quinn, the story of whose murder was the basis for Judith Rossner's 1975 novel Looking for Mr. Goodbar and the eponymous 1977 film..
11/11	==DB== Closing Time.length 148.0.recorded --01-21.Closing Time (Hole song)."Closing Time" (also referred to as "Drunk in Rio" and, incorrectly, "It's Closing Soon") is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written by vocalist/rhythm guitarist Courtney Love, drummer Patty Schemel and Love's husband, Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain..comment "Closing Time" (also referred to as "Drunk in Rio" and, incorrectly, "It's Closing Soon") is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written by vocalist/rhythm guitarist Courtney Love, drummer Patty Schemel and Love's husband, Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain..
===17	club house	8
1/8	==DB== writer Trey Parker.title Clubhouses.series South Park.season 2.airdate 1998-09-23.episode 12.Clubhouses (South Park)."Clubhouses" is the twelfth episode of the second season of the animated television series South Park, and the 25th episode of the series overall. "Clubhouses" originally aired in the United States on September 23, 1998 on Comedy Central. It is also the last episode to feature the Matt and Trey segment which always happened at the start of each episode..comment "Clubhouses" is the twelfth episode of the second season of the animated television series South Park, and the 25th episode of the series overall. "Clubhouses" originally aired in the United States on September 23, 1998 on Comedy Central. It is also the last episode to feature the Matt and Trey segment which always happened at the start of each episode..
2/8	==DB== Clubhouse sandwich.
3/8	==DB== Clubhouse.length 2354.0.lastAlbum One Flight Up.nextAlbum Gettin' Around.recorded Van Gelder Studio, Englewood Cliffs.recorded 1965-05-27.Clubhouse (album).Clubhouse is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dexter Gordon. It was recorded in 1965, but not released until 1979 by Blue Note Records..comment Clubhouse is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dexter Gordon. It was recorded in 1965, but not released until 1979 by Blue Note Records..
4/8	==DB== title Clubhouse Games.released --11-03.Clubhouse Games.Clubhouse Games, known in parts of Europe as 42 All-Time Classics and in Japan as Daredemo Asobi Taizen (だれでもアソビ大全), is a compilation video game consisting of card, board, and parlor games developed by Agenda and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console. It was first released in Japan on November 3, 2005, in Europe on September 29, 2006, in North America on October 9, 2006, and in Australia on October 26, 2006. Some of the games included in the North American version of the title are different from those included in the original Japanese version. On April 19, 2007, the North American version was released in Japan with support for the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection, as Wi-Fi Taiou: International Daredemo Asobi Taizen (Wi-Fi対応世界のだれでもアソビ大全). The European version of the title was given a "12+" rating by the PEGI as some of the games, such as Five Card Draw and Texas hold 'em, contain elements of gambling; the Australian OFLC gave the game a PG rating for the same reason..comment Clubhouse Games, known in parts of Europe as 42 All-Time Classics and in Japan as Daredemo Asobi Taizen (だれでもアソビ大全), is a compilation video game consisting of card, board, and parlor games developed by Agenda and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console. It was first released in Japan on November 3, 2005, in Europe on September 29, 2006, in North America on October 9, 2006, and in Australia on October 26, 2006..
5/8	==DB== Club House.yearsActive 1983.background group_or_band.Atlantic Records.ZYX Music.Media Records.pastMembers Carl Fanini.pastMembers Hidalgo Serra.pastMembers Silvio Pozzoli.Club House (band).Club House was an Italian house music studio group composed of Gianfranco Bortolotti, Carl Fanini, Hidalgo Serra, and Silvio Pozzoli..comment Club House was an Italian house music studio group composed of Gianfranco Bortolotti, Carl Fanini, Hidalgo Serra, and Silvio Pozzoli..
6/8	==DB== Clubhouse Model of Psychosocial Rehabilitation.The Clubhouse Model of Psychosocial Rehabilitation is a comprehensive and dynamic program of support and opportunities for people with severe and persistent mental illnesses. In contrast to traditional day-treatment and other day program models, Clubhouse participants are called "members" (as opposed to "patients" or "clients") and restorative activities focus on their strengths and abilities, not their illness. The Clubhouse is unique in that it is not a clinical program, meaning there are no therapists or psychiatrists on staff. All clinical aspects of the program have been removed so as to focus on the strengths of the individual, rather than their illness. Additionally, all participation in a clubhouse is strictly on a voluntary basis. Clubhouse International, formerly International Center for Clubhouse Development (ICCD), lays out four guaranteed Rights of membership, which are at the core of the Clubhouse Model: 1.   *  A right to a place to come; 2.   *  A right to meaningful relationships; 3.   *  A right to meaningful work; and 4.   *  A right to a place to return. The members and staff of a Clubhouse work side-by-side to manage all the operations of the Clubhouse, providing an opportunity for members to contribute in significant and meaningful ways; therefore, a Clubhouse is operated in a partnership model with members and staff working side-by-side as colleagues. Through this environment of support, acceptance, and commitment to the potential contribution and success of each individual, Clubhouses are places where people can belong as contributing adults, rather than passing their time as patients who need to be treated. The Clubhouse Model seeks to demonstrate that people with mental illness can successfully live productive lives and work in the community, regardless of the nature or severity of their mental illness. Currently, there are over 325 clubhouses in 28 countries around the world..comment The Clubhouse Model of Psychosocial Rehabilitation is a comprehensive and dynamic program of support and opportunities for people with severe and persistent mental illnesses. In contrast to traditional day-treatment and other day program models, Clubhouse participants are called "members" (as opposed to "patients" or "clients") and restorative activities focus on their strengths and abilities, not their illness. The Clubhouse is unique in that it is not a clinical program, meaning there are no therapists or psychiatrists on staff. All clinical aspects of the program have been removed so as to focus on the strengths of the individual, rather than their illness. Additionally, all participation in a clubhouse is strictly on a voluntary basis..
7/8	==DB== Clubhouse (band).
8/8	==DB== director Gavin O'Connor.producer Paul Marks.producer Nancy Cotton.writer Daniel Cerone.writer Matt McGough.writer Jonathan Moskin.writer David Mulei.runtime 3600.0.location Los Angeles, California.showName Clubhouse.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 12.executiveProducer Daniel Cerone.company Icon Entertainment.pictureFormat 480.pictureFormat 1080.firstAired 2004-09-26.lastAired 2005-08-04.opentheme "Our Lives" by The Calling.Clubhouse (TV series).Clubhouse is an American drama television series starring Jeremy Sumpter, Dean Cain, Christopher Lloyd, Mare Winningham and Kirsten Storms and produced by Icon Productions in association with Spelling Television. The theme song is "Our Lives" by The Calling. Five episodes were broadcast on CBS in fall 2004. CBS broadcast both the high-definition and analog program through its affiliates. The five episodes that aired on CBS, along with six additional episodes that were not broadcast over CBS's airwaves, were picked up by HDNet in June 2005. Universal HD began rerunning the series in late 2009..comment Clubhouse is an American drama television series starring Jeremy Sumpter, Dean Cain, Christopher Lloyd, Mare Winningham and Kirsten Storms and produced by Icon Productions in association with Spelling Television. The theme song is "Our Lives" by The Calling. Five episodes were broadcast on CBS in fall 2004. CBS broadcast both the high-definition and analog program through its affiliates. The five episodes that aired on CBS, along with six additional episodes that were not broadcast over CBS's airwaves, were picked up by HDNet in June 2005. Universal HD began rerunning the series in late 2009..
===18	coast line	5
1/5	==DB== East Coast Line (disambiguation).
2/5	==DB== Coast Line (Sri Lanka).
3/5	==DB== Coast Line (UP).The Coast Line is a railroad line between Burbank, California and the San Francisco Bay Area, roughly along the Pacific Coast. It is the shortest rail route from Los Angeles to the Bay Area..comment The Coast Line is a railroad line between Burbank, California and the San Francisco Bay Area, roughly along the Pacific Coast. It is the shortest rail route from Los Angeles to the Bay Area..
4/5	==DB== Coast Line.open 1897-08-02.stations 14.Coast Line (Denmark).The Coast Line (Danish: Kystbanen) is a regional railway line between Helsingør (Elsinore) and Copenhagen in Denmark. It was opened in 1897, and it is today the busiest railway line in Denmark. The Coast Line, along with an extensive network of railways in Scania, are run by DSB Øresund, part of DSB. Its original terminus was Østerport Station, but when the station was connected with Copenhagen Central Station in 1917, the terminus moved there. When the Oresund Bridge opened in 2000, service extended to Malmö in Sweden, though the section between Copenhagen and Malmö is a separate railway, the Oresund Line. The railway services some well-known sights and locations such as Louisiana Museum of Modern Art in Humlebæk, Kronborg Castle in Elsinore, and Dyrehavsbakken in Klampenborg. Kystbanen is now an integrated part of (and served only by) the Oresundtrain network which also serves southern Sweden..comment The Coast Line (Danish: Kystbanen) is a regional railway line between Helsingør (Elsinore) and Copenhagen in Denmark. It was opened in 1897, and it is today the busiest railway line in Denmark. The Coast Line, along with an extensive network of railways in Scania, are run by DSB Øresund, part of DSB. The railway services some well-known sights and locations such as Louisiana Museum of Modern Art in Humlebæk, Kronborg Castle in Elsinore, and Dyrehavsbakken in Klampenborg. Kystbanen is now an integrated part of (and served only by) the Oresundtrain network which also serves southern Sweden..
5/5	==DB== West Coast Line (disambiguation).
===19	company law	3
1/3	==SS== the branch of law which deals with the formation and running of companies.
2/3	==DB== Companies law.Company law (or the law of business associations) is the field of law concerning companies and other business organizations. This includes corporations, partnerships and other associations which usually carry on some form of economic or charitable activity. The most prominent kind of company, usually referred to as a "corporation", is a "juristic person", i.e. it has separate legal personality, and those who invest money into the business have limited liability for any losses the company makes, governed by corporate law. The largest companies are usually publicly listed on stock exchanges around the world. Even single individuals, also known as sole traders may incorporate themselves and limit their liability in order to carry on a business. All different forms of companies depend on the particular law of the particular country in which they reside. The law of business organizations originally derived from the common law of England, but has evolved significantly in the 20th century. In common law countries today, the most commonly addressed forms are:  * Corporation  * Limited company  * Unlimited company  * Limited liability partnership  * Limited partnership  * Not-for-profit corporation  * Company limited by guarantee  * Partnership  * Sole Proprietorship The proprietary limited company is a statutory business form in several countries, including Australia. Many countries have forms of business entity unique to that country, although there are equivalents elsewhere. Examples are the limited liability company (LLC) and the limited liability limited partnership (LLLP) in the United States. Other types of business organizations, such as cooperatives, credit unions and publicly owned enterprises, can be established with purposes that parallel, supersede, or even replace the profit maximization mandate of business corporations. For a country-by-country listing of officially recognized forms of business organization, see Types of business entity. There are various types of company that can be formed in different jurisdictions, but the most common forms of company are:  * a company limited by guarantee. Commonly used where companies are formed for non-commercial purposes, such as clubs or charities. The members guarantee the payment of certain (usually nominal) amounts if the company goes into insolvent liquidation, but otherwise they have no economic rights in relation to the company .  * a company limited by guarantee with a share capital. A hybrid entity, usually used where the company is formed for non-commercial purposes, but the activities of the company are partly funded by investors who expect a return.  * a company limited by shares. The most common form of company used for business ventures.  * an unlimited company either with or without a share capital. This is a hybrid company, a company similar to its limited company (Ltd.) counterpart but where the members or shareholders do not benefit from limited liability should the company ever go into formal liquidation. There are, however, many specific categories of corporations and other business organizations which may be formed in various countries and jurisdictions throughout the world..comment Company law (or the law of business associations) is the field of law concerning companies and other business organizations. This includes corporations, partnerships and other associations which usually carry on some form of economic or charitable activity. The most prominent kind of company, usually referred to as a "corporation", is a "juristic person", i.e. it has separate legal personality, and those who invest money into the business have limited liability for any losses the company makes, governed by corporate law. The largest companies are usually publicly listed on stock exchanges around the world. Even single individuals, also known as sole traders may incorporate themselves and limit their liability in order to carry on a business. All different forms of companies depend on the p.
3/3	==DB== Corporate law.Corporate law (also "company" or "corporations" law) is the study of how shareholders, directors, employees, creditors, and other stakeholders such as consumers, the community and the environment interact with one another. Corporate law is a part of a broader companies law (or law of business associations). Other types of business associations can include partnerships (in the UK governed by the Partnership Act 1890), or trusts (like a pension fund), or companies limited by guarantee (like some community organizations or charities). Under corporate law, corporations of all sizes have separate legal personality, with limited or unlimited liability for its shareholders. Shareholders control the company through a board of directors which, in turn, typically delegates control of the corporation's day-to-day operations to a full-time executive. Corporate law deals with firms that are incorporated or registered under the corporate or company law of a sovereign state or their subnational states. The four defining characteristics of the modern corporation are:  * Separate legal personality of the corporation (access to tort and contract law in a manner similar to a person)  * Limited liability of the shareholders (a shareholder's personal liability is limited to the value of their shares in the corporation)  * Shares (if the corporation is a public company, the shares are traded on a stock exchange)  * Delegated management; the board of directors delegates day-to-day management of the company to executives In many developed countries outside of the English speaking world, company boards are appointed as representatives of both shareholders and employees to "codetermine" company strategy. Corporate law is often divided into corporate governance (which concerns the various power relations within a corporation) and corporate finance (which concerns the rules on how capital is used)..comment Corporate law (also "company" or "corporations" law) is the study of how shareholders, directors, employees, creditors, and other stakeholders such as consumers, the community and the environment interact with one another. Corporate law is a part of a broader companies law (or law of business associations). Other types of business associations can include partnerships (in the UK governed by the Partnership Act 1890), or trusts (like a pension fund), or companies limited by guarantee (like some community organizations or charities). Under corporate law, corporations of all sizes have separate legal personality, with limited or unlimited liability for its shareholders. Shareholders control the company through a board of directors which, in turn, typically delegates control of the corporation.
===20	con man	3
1/3	==DB== director Alan Tudyk.writer Alan Tudyk.runtime -960.0.showName Con Man.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 13.channel Vimeo.channel Comic-Con HQ.firstAired 2015-09-30.Con Man (web series).Con Man is an American comedy web series created, written, directed by, and starring Alan Tudyk. The series follows cult science fiction actor Wray Nerely (Tudyk), as he tours the convention circuit. Tudyk, one of the stars of the 2002 science fiction TV show Firefly, based Con Man loosely upon his own experiences. The series is co-produced by PJ Haarsma and by Nathan Fillion, who also co-stars in it. Crowdfunded through Indiegogo, Con Man set records for crowdfunding a web series by raising more than $1 million in 24 hours and more than $3.1 million overall. The series premiered on September 30, 2015, on Vimeo. The second season will premiere in late 2016 and will be available on Comic-Con HQ, their subscription streaming video service..comment Con Man is an American comedy web series created, written, directed by, and starring Alan Tudyk. The series follows cult science fiction actor Wray Nerely (Tudyk), as he tours the convention circuit. Tudyk, one of the stars of the 2002 science fiction TV show Firefly, based Con Man loosely upon his own experiences. The series is co-produced by PJ Haarsma and by Nathan Fillion, who also co-stars in it. Crowdfunded through Indiegogo, Con Man set records for crowdfunding a web series by raising more than $1 million in 24 hours and more than $3.1 million overall. The series premiered on September 30, 2015, on Vimeo. The second season will premiere in late 2016 and will be available on Comic-Con HQ, their subscription streaming video service..
2/3	==DB== Confidence trick.A confidence trick (synonyms include confidence game, confidence scheme, ripoff, scam and stratagem) is an attempt to defraud a person or group after first gaining their confidence, used in the classical sense of trust. Confidence tricks exploit characteristics of the human psyche such as dishonesty, honesty, vanity, compassion, credulity, irresponsibility, naïveté and greed..comment A confidence trick (synonyms include confidence game, confidence scheme, ripoff, scam and stratagem) is an attempt to defraud a person or group after first gaining their confidence, used in the classical sense of trust. Confidence tricks exploit characteristics of the human psyche such as dishonesty, honesty, vanity, compassion, credulity, irresponsibility, naïveté and greed..
3/3	==SS== 
===21	construction site	3
1/3	==DB== Construction Site.Construction Site is a television series created by The Jim Henson Company in 1999, and consists of 7 construction vehicles. The show was broadcast on ABC Kids for a while, and had a range of videos. It was originally produced for and shown on CITV starting in 1999. In 2003 it was nominated for a Children's BAFTA for the Best Pre-School Live Action. Episodes are packaged as 52 x 10’ or 13 x 26’. The show is somewhat similar to Bob the Builder. Two 13 episode seasons were produced..comment Construction Site is a television series created by The Jim Henson Company in 1999, and consists of 7 construction vehicles. The show was broadcast on ABC Kids for a while, and had a range of videos. It was originally produced for and shown on CITV starting in 1999. In 2003 it was nominated for a Children's BAFTA for the Best Pre-School Live Action. Episodes are packaged as 52 x 10’ or 13 x 26’. The show is somewhat similar to Bob the Builder. Two 13 episode seasons were produced..
2/3	==DB== Construction.Construction is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure. Construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser, while construction typically takes place on location for a known client. Construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries.Construction starts with planning, design, and financing; and continues until the project is built and ready for use. Large-scale construction requires collaboration across multiple disciplines. An architect normally manages the job, and a construction manager, design engineer, construction engineer or project manager supervises it. For the successful execution of a project, effective planning is essential. Those involved with the design and execution of the infrastructure in question must consider zoning requirements, the environmental impact of the job, the successful scheduling, budgeting, construction-site safety, availability and transportation of building materials, logistics, inconvenience to the public caused by construction delays and bidding, etc. The largest construction projects are referred to as megaprojects..comment Construction is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure. Construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser, while construction typically takes place on location for a known client. Construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries.Construction starts with planning, design, and financing; and continues until the project is built and ready for use..
3/3	==SS== A place where a building or other physical structure is under construction.
===22	control panel	5
1/5	==DB== Control Panel (Windows).The Control Panel is a part of the Microsoft Windows, in older versions, which allows users to view and manipulate basic system settings and controls via applets, such as adding hardware, adding and removing software, controlling user accounts, and changing accessibility options. Additional applets can be provided by third party software. The Control Panel has been an inherent part of the Microsoft Windows operating system since Windows 2.0, with many of the current applets being added in later versions. Beginning with Windows 95, the Control Panel is implemented as a special folder, i.e. the folder does not physically exist, but only contains shortcuts to various applets such as Add or Remove Programs and Internet Options. Physically, these applets are stored as .cpl files. For example, the Add or Remove Programs applet is stored under the name appwiz.cpl in the SYSTEM32 folder. In recent versions of Windows, the Control Panel has two views, Classic View and Category View, and it is possible to switch between these through an option that appears on either the left side or top of the window. Many of the individual Control Panel applets can be accessed in other ways. For instance, Display Properties can be accessed by right-clicking on an empty area of the desktop and choosing Properties. The classic view consists of shortcuts to the various control panel applets, usually without any description (other than the name). The categories are seen if the user use "Details" view. The category view consists of categories, which when clicked on display the control panel applets related to the category. In Windows Vista, the category used applets below the name of the category. The Control Panel can be accessed quickly by typing control in the Run dialog box (⊞ Win+R). On Windows 10, Control Panel is partially deprecated in favor of Settings app, which was originally introduced on Windows 8 as "PC Settings" to provide a touchscreen-optimized settings area using its Metro-style app platform. Some functions, particularly the ability to add and remove user accounts, were moved exclusively to this app on Windows 8 and cannot be performed from Control Panel..comment The Control Panel is a part of the Microsoft Windows, in older versions, which allows users to view and manipulate basic system settings and controls via applets, such as adding hardware, adding and removing software, controlling user accounts, and changing accessibility options. Additional applets can be provided by third party software. In recent versions of Windows, the Control Panel has two views, Classic View and Category View, and it is possible to switch between these through an option that appears on either the left side or top of the window..
2/5	==DB== Control panel (engineering).They are found in factories to monitor and control machines or production lines and in places such as nuclear power plants, ships, aircraft and mainframe computers. Older control panels are most often equipped with push buttons and analog instruments, whereas nowadays in many cases touchscreens are used for monitoring and control purposes..comment They are found in factories to monitor and control machines or production lines and in places such as nuclear power plants, ships, aircraft and mainframe computers. Older control panels are most often equipped with push buttons and analog instruments, whereas nowadays in many cases touchscreens are used for monitoring and control purposes..
3/5	==DB== Web hosting control panel.A control panel, in web hosting, is a web-based interface provided by the hosting company that allows customers to manage their various hosted services in a single place. The most famous control panels are cPanel, Plesk Panel and DirectAdmin. Some of the commonly available modules in most control panels:  *  Access to server logs.  *  Details of available and used webspace and bandwidth.  *  Email account configuration.  *  Maintaining FTP users’ accounts.  *  Managing database.  *  Visitor statistics using web log analysis software.  *  Web-based file manager..comment A control panel, in web hosting, is a web-based interface provided by the hosting company that allows customers to manage their various hosted services in a single place. The most famous control panels are cPanel, Plesk Panel and DirectAdmin. Some of the commonly available modules in most control panels:  *  Access to server logs.  *  Details of available and used webspace and bandwidth.  *  Email account configuration.  *  Maintaining FTP users’ accounts.  *  Managing database.  *  Visitor statistics using web log analysis software.  *  Web-based file manager..
4/5	==SS== A flat, usually vertical surface onto which controls, instruments, and displays are mounted.
5/5	==DB== Control panel (software).Many computer user interfaces use a control panel metaphor to give the user control of software and hardware features. The control panel consists of multiple settings including display settings, network settings, user account settings and hardware settings. Some control panels require the user to have admin rights or root access..comment Many computer user interfaces use a control panel metaphor to give the user control of software and hardware features. The control panel consists of multiple settings including display settings, network settings, user account settings and hardware settings. Some control panels require the user to have admin rights or root access..
===23	core value	2
1/2	==DB== US Air Force Core Values.
2/2	==DB== Core values of the United States Navy.
===24	cover story	5
1/5	==SS== A story that appears on the front page of a publication.
2/5	==DB== Cover Story (2002 film).Cover Story is 2002 American film starring Elizabeth Berkley and Costas Mandylor. It was directed by Eric Weston and released on DVD on March 8, 2005..comment Cover Story is 2002 American film starring Elizabeth Berkley and Costas Mandylor. It was directed by Eric Weston and released on DVD on March 8, 2005..
3/5	==DB== Cover Story.starring Nedumudi Venu.starring Tabu.starring Biju Menon.Cover Story (2000 film).Cover Story is a 2000 Malayalam film starring Suresh Gopi and Tabu..comment Cover Story is a 2000 Malayalam film starring Suresh Gopi and Tabu..
4/5	==DB== Cover Story.language Hindi.starring Anjum Nayar.Cover Story (2011 film).Cover Story is an Hindi thriller film directed by Laurence Postma starring Anjum Nayar and Jackie Shroff. It is the second official remake of the acclaimed Dutch film Interview, directed by Theo Van Gogh in 2003, the first being Interview by Steve Buscemi in 2007..comment Cover Story is an Hindi thriller film directed by Laurence Postma starring Anjum Nayar and Jackie Shroff. It is the second official remake of the acclaimed Dutch film Interview, directed by Theo Van Gogh in 2003, the first being Interview by Steve Buscemi in 2007..
5/5	==DB== Cover Story (disambiguation).
===25	day trip	5
1/5	==DB== Day Trip.director Park Chan-kyong.producer Park Chan-wook.producer Park Chan-kyong.writer Park Chan-wook.writer Park Chan-kyong.writer Park Bae-il.runtime 1080.0.starring Jeon Hyo-jung.editing Kim Jae-bum.Day Trip (film).Day Trip (Hangul: 청출어람; RR: Cheongchul-eoram) is a 2012 South Korean short film co-directed by Park Chan-wook and Park Chan-kyong. The film features a pansori master (Song Kang-ho) and his student (Jeon Hyo-jung). The 18-minute short was released online on December 28, 2012 on the website of outdoor clothing brand Kolon Sport, and was funded by the company to mark its 40th anniversary. This is the second project by the duo dubbed collectively as "PARKing CHANce," composed of film director Park Chan-wook and his brother Park Chan-kyong, who is known for his installation art, photography and experimental films. Their previous collaboration Night Fishing, shot entirely with an iPhone 4, won Best Short Film at the Berlin International Film Festival in 2011..comment Day Trip (Hangul: 청출어람; RR: Cheongchul-eoram) is a 2012 South Korean short film co-directed by Park Chan-wook and Park Chan-kyong. The film features a pansori master (Song Kang-ho) and his student (Jeon Hyo-jung). The 18-minute short was released online on December 28, 2012 on the website of outdoor clothing brand Kolon Sport, and was funded by the company to mark its 40th anniversary..
2/5	==DB== Day Trip.released 2008-01-29.lastAlbum Metheny/Mehldau Quartet.nextAlbum Tokyo Day Trip.recorded 2005-10-19.Day Trip (album).Day Trip is the studio album of jazz guitarist Pat Metheny along with Christian McBride and Antonio Sanchez.It was released by Nonesuch Records on January 29, 2008..comment Day Trip is the studio album of jazz guitarist Pat Metheny along with Christian McBride and Antonio Sanchez.It was released by Nonesuch Records on January 29, 2008..
3/5	==DB== Day trip.
4/5	==SS== An excursion that lasts most of the day.
5/5	==DB== Day-tripper.A day-tripper is a person who visits a tourist destination or visitor attraction from his/her home and returns home on the same day. Such an excursion does not involve a night away from home such as experienced on a holiday. The day trip or daycation is a popular form of recreation and leisure for families who care for young children or people who are too frail to travel easily or who own pets, or for whom the logistics or cost of a night away from home may be prohibitive..comment A day-tripper is a person who visits a tourist destination or visitor attraction from his/her home and returns home on the same day. Such an excursion does not involve a night away from home such as experienced on a holiday. The day trip or daycation is a popular form of recreation and leisure for families who care for young children or people who are too frail to travel easily or who own pets, or for whom the logistics or cost of a night away from home may be prohibitive..
===26	death certificate	4
1/4	==DB== Death Certificate for a Beauty Queen.
2/4	==DB== Death certificate.The phrase death certificate can describe either a document issued by a medical practitioner certifying the deceased state of a person or popularly to a document issued by a person such as a registrar of vital statistics that declares the date, location and cause of a person's death as later entered in an official register of deaths..comment The phrase death certificate can describe either a document issued by a medical practitioner certifying the deceased state of a person or popularly to a document issued by a person such as a registrar of vital statistics that declares the date, location and cause of a person's death as later entered in an official register of deaths..
3/4	==SS== A document issued by a medical practitioner, or by a registrar, certifying the date, location and cause of a person's death as later entered in an official register of deaths.
4/4	==DB== Death Certificate.genre *.producer Ice Cube.producer Boogiemen.length 3668.0.released 1991-10-29.lastAlbum Kill at Will.nextAlbum The Predator.Death Certificate (album).Death Certificate is the second studio album by American rapper Ice Cube, released on October 29, 1991 by Priority Records. Highly anticipated with over one million advanced orders, the album was certified platinum in sales on December 20, 1991. Due to some of its racially and politically charged content, and Ice Cube's acerbic statements on drug dealing, racial profiling, and the right to keep and bear arms, Death Certificate was the source of much controversy upon its release. In 2003, Priority Records re-released Death Certificate with the bonus track "How to Survive in South Central", which originally appeared on the Boyz n the Hood soundtrack..comment Death Certificate is the second studio album by American rapper Ice Cube, released on October 29, 1991 by Priority Records. Highly anticipated with over one million advanced orders, the album was certified platinum in sales on December 20, 1991..
===27	death notice	2
1/2	==DB== producer Toshio Nakatani.producer Manabu Tamura.type manga.title Death Note: Relight: Visions of a God.title Death Note: L: Change the World.title Death Note: Relight 2: L's Successors.first 2003-12-01.last 2006-05-15.volumes 12.published 2006-08-01.published 2007-12-25.Death Note.Death Note (Japanese: デスノート Hepburn: Desu Nōto) is a Japanese manga series written by Tsugumi Ohba and illustrated by Takeshi Obata. The story follows Light Yagami, a high school student who discovers a supernatural notebook from a Shinigami named Ryuk that grants its user the ability to kill anyone whose name and face he knows. The series centers around Light's attempts to create and rule a world "cleansed of evil" as "God" using the notebook, and the efforts of a detective known as L to stop him. Death Note was first serialized in Shueisha's manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from December 2003 to May 2006. The 108 chapters were collected and published into 12 tankōbon volumes between May 2004 and October 2006. A television anime adaptation aired in Japan from October 3, 2006, to June 26, 2007. Composed of 37 episodes, the anime was developed by Madhouse and directed by Tetsuro Araki. A light novel based on the series, written by Nisio Isin, was also released in 2006. Additionally, various video games have been published by Konami for the Nintendo DS. The series was adapted into three live-action films released in Japan on June 17, 2006, November 3, 2006, and February 2, 2008, and a television drama in 2015. A fourth film is scheduled for release in 2016. Death Note media is licensed and released in North America by Viz Media, with the exception of the video games and soundtracks. The episodes from the anime first appeared in North America as downloadable from IGN, before Viz Media licensed it and it aired on YTV's Bionix anime block in Canada and on Adult Swim in the United States with a DVD release following. The live-action films briefly played in certain North American theaters in 2008, before receiving home video releases. In 2015, the collected volumes of the Death Note manga had over 30 million copies in circulation..comment Death Note (Japanese: デスノート Hepburn: Desu Nōto) is a Japanese manga series written by Tsugumi Ohba and illustrated by Takeshi Obata. The story follows Light Yagami, a high school student who discovers a supernatural notebook from a Shinigami named Ryuk that grants its user the ability to kill anyone whose name and face he knows. The series centers around Light's attempts to create and rule a world "cleansed of evil" as "God" using the notebook, and the efforts of a detective known as L to stop him..
2/2	==DB== Obituary.An obituary (obit for short) is a news article that reports the recent death of a person, typically along with an account of the person's life and information about the upcoming funeral. In large cities and larger newspapers, obituaries are written only for people considered significant. In local newspapers, an obituary may be published for any local resident upon death. A necrology is a register or list of records of the deaths of people related to a particular organization, group or field, which may only contain the sparsest details, or small obituaries. Historical necrologies can be important sources of information. Two types of paid advertisements are related to obituaries. One, known as a death notice, omits most biographical details and may be a legally required public notice under some circumstances. The other type, a paid memorial advertisement, is usually written by family members or friends, perhaps with assistance from a funeral home. Both types of paid advertisements are usually run as classified advertisements.comment An obituary (obit for short) is a news article that reports the recent death of a person, typically along with an account of the person's life and information about the upcoming funeral. In large cities and larger newspapers, obituaries are written only for people considered significant. In local newspapers, an obituary may be published for any local resident upon death. A necrology is a register or list of records of the deaths of people related to a particular organization, group or field, which may only contain the sparsest details, or small obituaries. Historical necrologies can be important sources of information..
===28	death sentence	7
1/7	==DB== Death Sentence.Death Sentence (short story)."Death Sentence" is a short story by the American science-fiction writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the November 1943 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov..comment "Death Sentence" is a short story by the American science-fiction writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the November 1943 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov..
2/7	==DB== 
3/7	==SS== A decree that someone be put to death as a punishment for a crime, a sentence of execution.
4/7	==DB== Death Sentence.producer *.producer * Karen Baldwin.distributor 20.runtime 6300.0.starring *.budget 2.0E7.gross 1.7E7.Death Sentence (2007 film).Death Sentence is a 2007 American action drama film loosely based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Brian Garfield. Directed by Saw director James Wan, the film stars Kevin Bacon as Nick Hume, a man who takes the law into his own hands after his son is murdered by a gang as an initiation ritual. Hume must protect his family from the gang's resulting vengeance. The film premiered on August 31, 2007, and was released on DVD on January 8, 2008..comment Death Sentence is a 2007 American action drama film loosely based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Brian Garfield. Directed by Saw director James Wan, the film stars Kevin Bacon as Nick Hume, a man who takes the law into his own hands after his son is murdered by a gang as an initiation ritual. Hume must protect his family from the gang's resulting vengeance. The film premiered on August 31, 2007, and was released on DVD on January 8, 2008..
5/7	==DB== Death Sentence.pages 209.isbn 0.mediaType Print.Death Sentence (novel).Continuing six months after Death Wish left off, Paul Benjamin has moved from New York to Chicago after his catatonic daughter died in an institution, a result of the brutal attack that changed Paul Benjamin into a vigilante. Paul resumes his private violent war as he stalks criminals in the streets of Chicago. The only thing that may distract him from his crusade is a beautiful woman he starts cordially dating in his new life. And as Paul ends up having a double life, a copycat vigilante is out in the streets violently killing off criminals just like Paul. What's worse is that vigilantism soon begins to become a cry of publicity as the police have to look for their man before innocent people start dying out of injustice. Paul is not only after criminals or justice anymore, but he's also looking for a man who is as equally as dangerous as the vigilante he has become..comment Continuing six months after Death Wish left off, Paul Benjamin has moved from New York to Chicago after his catatonic daughter died in an institution, a result of the brutal attack that changed Paul Benjamin into a vigilante. Paul resumes his private violent war as he stalks criminals in the streets of Chicago. The only thing that may distract him from his crusade is a beautiful woman he starts cordially dating in his new life. And as Paul ends up having a double life, a copycat vigilante is out in the streets violently killing off criminals just like Paul. What's worse is that vigilantism soon begins to become a cry of publicity as the police have to look for their man before innocent people start dying out of injustice. Paul is not only after criminals or justice anymore, but he's also l.
6/7	==DB== Death Sentence.runtime 5400.0.Death Sentence (1968 film).Death Sentence (Italian: Sentenza di morte) is a 1968 spaghetti western directed by Mario Lanfranchi and starring Richard Conte..comment Death Sentence (Italian: Sentenza di morte) is a 1968 spaghetti western directed by Mario Lanfranchi and starring Richard Conte..
7/7	==DB== Capital punishment.Capital punishment, also known as the death penalty, is a government sanctioned practice whereby a person is put to death by the state as a punishment for a crime. The sentence that someone be punished in such a manner is referred to as a death sentence, whereas the act of carrying out the sentence is known as an execution. Crimes that can result in a death penalty are known as capital crimes or capital offences. The term capital is derived from the Latin capitalis ("of the head", referring to execution by beheading). Fifty-eight countries retain capital punishment, 102 countries have completely abolished it de jure for all crimes, six have abolished it for ordinary crimes (while maintaining it for special circumstances such as war crimes), and 32 are abolitionist in practice. Capital punishment is a matter of active controversy in various countries and states, and positions can vary within a single political ideology or cultural region. In the European Union, Article 2 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union prohibits the use of capital punishment. Also, the Council of Europe, which has 47 member states, prohibits the use of the death penalty by its members. The United Nations General Assembly has adopted, in 2007, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2014 non-binding resolutions calling for a global moratorium on executions, with a view to eventual abolition. Although most nations have abolished capital punishment, over 60% of the world's population live in countries where executions take place, such as China, India, the United States and Indonesia..comment Capital punishment, also known as the death penalty, is a government sanctioned practice whereby a person is put to death by the state as a punishment for a crime. The sentence that someone be punished in such a manner is referred to as a death sentence, whereas the act of carrying out the sentence is known as an execution. Crimes that can result in a death penalty are known as capital crimes or capital offences. The term capital is derived from the Latin capitalis ("of the head", referring to execution by beheading)..
===29	debut album	10
1/10	==DB== Debut.genre *.producer *.filename There's More To Life Than This.ogg.filename Human Behaviour.ogg.title There's More to Life Than This.title "Human Behaviour".description "There's More to Life Than This" from Debut. The song features the more electronic "four-on-the-floor house groove" sound of Debut. which was recorded live in the toilets of the Milk Bar clubnight, London, UK..description The first single from Debut showed a departure from prior Sugarcubes' sounds..length 2895.0.released 1993-07-05.lastAlbum Gling-Gló.nextAlbum The Best Mixes from the Album Debut....Debut (Björk album).Debut is the first international solo studio album by Icelandic recording artist Björk. The album was released in July 1993 on One Little Indian and Elektra Records, and was produced by Björk in collaboration with artist Nellee Hooper. Her first recording following the dissolution of her previous band the Sugarcubes, the album departed from the rock-oriented style of her previous work and instead drew on an eclectic variety of styles across electronic pop, house music, jazz and trip hop. Debut received widespread critical acclaim from British music critics, though United States reviewers doled out more mixed reviews. Upon its initial release, the album sold far greater than her label predicted, charting at number three in the United Kingdom and 61 in the United States. It was certified gold in Canada and platinum in the United States, where it remains her best-selling album to date. Five singles were released from Debut: "Human Behaviour", "Venus as a Boy", "Play Dead", "Big Time Sensuality" and "Violently Happy". All five singles charted in the United Kingdom with only "Human Behaviour", "Violently Happy" and "Big Time Sensuality" charting on dance and modern rock charts in the United States..comment Debut is the first international solo studio album by Icelandic recording artist Björk. The album was released in July 1993 on One Little Indian and Elektra Records, and was produced by Björk in collaboration with artist Nellee Hooper. Her first recording following the dissolution of her previous band the Sugarcubes, the album departed from the rock-oriented style of her previous work and instead drew on an eclectic variety of styles across electronic pop, house music, jazz and trip hop..
2/10	==DB== The Debut.writer Gene Cajayon, John Manal Castro.runtime 5280.0.language English, Tagalog/Filipino.starring Darion Basco.starring Derek Basco.starring Bernadette Balagtas.budget 1000000.0.The Debut.The Debut is an independent feature-length film directed and co-written by first-time Filipino American filmmaker Gene Cajayon. It is the first Filipino American film to be released theatrically nationwide, starting in March 2001 in the San Francisco Bay area and ending in November 2002 in New York City.It is also one of the first feature films to take place within the Filipino American community, one of the largest Asian ethnic minorities in America..comment The Debut is an independent feature-length film directed and co-written by first-time Filipino American filmmaker Gene Cajayon. It is the first Filipino American film to be released theatrically nationwide, starting in March 2001 in the San Francisco Bay area and ending in November 2002 in New York City.It is also one of the first feature films to take place within the Filipino American community, one of the largest Asian ethnic minorities in America..
3/10	==DB== 
4/10	==DB== Debut Records.founder Celia Mingus.Debut Records.Debut Records was an American jazz record company and label founded in 1952 by bassist Charles Mingus, his wife Celia, and drummer Max Roach. This short-lived label was an attempt to avoid the compromises of working for major companies. Intended to showcase work by new musicians, only about two dozen albums were issued before the company closed in 1957. Nonetheless, several prominent jazz musicians made their first recordings as leaders for Debut, including pianist Paul Bley, and trumpeters Kenny Dorham and Thad Jones. Saxophonist Hank Mobley made his recording debut on the label, as a sideman with Roach. Teo Macero, later a producer with Miles Davis, recorded his first album as a leader as a saxophonist for Debut, an album described by critic Dan Morgenstern as an oddball fusion of Lennie Tristano and Anton Webern. Debut was the label on which the Jazz at Massey Hall concert album was first issued. Recorded in Toronto, it features Dizzy Gillespie, Charlie Parker, Bud Powell, Charles Mingus, and Max Roach, and was the last recorded meeting of long-term musical partners Parker and Gillespie. In 1957 Danish bookseller Ole Vestegaard leased the company's catalogue from Mingus and produced recordings on the Danish Debut label by American jazz musicians who settled in Copenhagen or played at Jazzhus Montmartre. When Celia Mingus married Saul Zaentz, later head of Fantasy Records, Charles Mingus gave the Zaentzes control of the Debut catalog as a wedding gift. Mingus thought the gift fitting as Celia had handled the bulk of Debut's business affairs, and most of the seed money came from Celia's mother. A 12-CD set of the Debut recordings featuring Mingus, the majority of the label's output, was issued by Fantasy Records in 1992. A four-CD sequence entitled Mingus Rarities (Original Jazz Classics) collected some of the more obscure material featuring Mingus..comment Debut Records was an American jazz record company and label founded in 1952 by bassist Charles Mingus, his wife Celia, and drummer Max Roach. This short-lived label was an attempt to avoid the compromises of working for major companies. Intended to showcase work by new musicians, only about two dozen albums were issued before the company closed in 1957. Nonetheless, several prominent jazz musicians made their first recordings as leaders for Debut, including pianist Paul Bley, and trumpeters Kenny Dorham and Thad Jones. Saxophonist Hank Mobley made his recording debut on the label, as a sideman with Roach. Teo Macero, later a producer with Miles Davis, recorded his first album as a leader as a saxophonist for Debut, an album described by critic Dan Morgenstern as an oddball fusion of Lennie.
5/10	==DB== Debut.length 2443.0.released 2015-10-23.Debut (Zoë album).Debut is the debut studio album by Austrian singer, songwriter, and actress Zoë (full name Zoë Straub). The album was released on 23 October 2015 through Global Rockstar Music..comment Debut is the debut studio album by Austrian singer, songwriter, and actress Zoë (full name Zoë Straub). The album was released on 23 October 2015 through Global Rockstar Music..
6/10	==DB== Philippine Debut.The Debut is a traditional Filipino coming-of-age celebration which celebrates a young woman's 18th birthday, the age of maturity in the Philippines. Although also reaching legal maturity at 18, a Filipino man may mark his own debut on his 21st birthday, albeit with less formal celebrations or none at all..comment The Debut is a traditional Filipino coming-of-age celebration which celebrates a young woman's 18th birthday, the age of maturity in the Philippines. Although also reaching legal maturity at 18, a Filipino man may mark his own debut on his 21st birthday, albeit with less formal celebrations or none at all..
7/10	==DB== Debutante.A debutante (UK /ˌdɛbjuːˈtɑːnt/, /ˌdeɪbjuːˈtɑːnt/) or deb (from the French débutante, "female beginner") is a girl or young lady from an aristocratic or upper class family who has reached the age of maturity and, as a new adult, comes out into society at a formal "debut". Originally, the term meant the young woman was now old enough to be married, and part of the purpose of her coming out was to display her to eligible bachelors and their families with a view to marriage within a select circle. In the United Kingdom, until the 1950s the formal "debut" took the form of a presentation of the season's debutantes to the reigning monarch, and traditionally those presented at court were the daughters of the debutantes of a previous generation. In the present day, debutantes may be sponsored by an established member of the upper class or approved by a distinguished committee. Debut presentations vary by regional culture and may be described as "debutante balls," "cotillion balls", or "coming-out" parties. In the United States there is a male equivalent, referred to as "beautillion ball." A lone debutante might have her own debut, or she might share it with a sister or other close relative. Modern debutante balls are often charitable events: the parents of the debutante donate money to the designated cause, and the invited guests pay for their tickets. These balls may be elaborate formal affairs and involve not only "debs" but junior debutantes, escorts, and ushers, flower girls, and pages as well..comment A debutante (UK /ˌdɛbjuːˈtɑːnt/, /ˌdeɪbjuːˈtɑːnt/) or deb (from the French débutante, "female beginner") is a girl or young lady from an aristocratic or upper class family who has reached the age of maturity and, as a new adult, comes out into society at a formal "debut". Originally, the term meant the young woman was now old enough to be married, and part of the purpose of her coming out was to display her to eligible bachelors and their families with a view to marriage within a select circle..
8/10	==DB== List of directorial debuts.This is a list of film directorial debuts in chronological order. The films and dates referred to are a director's first commercial theatrical release. Notes: ♦ Indicates where a director has created other earlier works for television # Indicates when a director's earlier work is uncredited † Indicates when a director's earlier work has not been released in cinemas, for example film school productions, or short films or music videos. Please refer to individual entries for further detail..comment This is a list of film directorial debuts in chronological order. The films and dates referred to are a director's first commercial theatrical release. Notes: ♦ Indicates where a director has created other earlier works for television # Indicates when a director's earlier work is uncredited † Indicates when a director's earlier work has not been released in cinemas, for example film school productions, or short films or music videos. Please refer to individual entries for further detail..
9/10	==DB== The Debut (The O.C.).
10/10	==DB== Debut novel.A debut novel is the first novel a novelist publishes. Debut novels are often the author's first opportunity to make an impact on the publishing industry, and thus the success or failure of a debut novel can affect the ability of the author to publish in the future. First-time novelists without a previous published reputation, such as publication in nonfiction, magazines, or literary journals, typically struggle to find a publisher. Sometimes new novelists will self-publish their debut novels, because publishing houses will not risk the capital needed to market books by an unknown author to the public. Most publishers purchase rights to novels, especially debut novels, through literary agents, who screen client work before sending it to publishers. These hurdles to publishing reflect both publishers' limits in resources for reviewing and publishing unknown works, and that readers typically buy more books by established authors with a reputation than first-time writers. For this reason, literary communities have created awards that help acknowledge exceptional debut novels..comment A debut novel is the first novel a novelist publishes. Debut novels are often the author's first opportunity to make an impact on the publishing industry, and thus the success or failure of a debut novel can affect the ability of the author to publish in the future. First-time novelists without a previous published reputation, such as publication in nonfiction, magazines, or literary journals, typically struggle to find a publisher..
===30	dirt road	3
1/3	==SS== An unpaved road consisting solely of subgrade material.
2/3	==DB== Dirt road.A dirt road or track is a type of unpaved road made from the native material of the land surface through which it passes, known to highway engineers as subgrade material. Dirt roads are suitable for vehicles; a narrower path for pedestrians, animals, and possibly small vehicles would be called a dirt track—the distinction is not well-defined. Unpaved roads with a harder surface made by the addition of material such as gravel and aggregate (stones), might be referred to as dirt roads in common usage but are distinguished as improved roads by highway engineers. (Improved unpaved roads include gravel roads, laterite roads, murram roads and macadamized roads.) Compared to a gravel road, a dirt road is not usually graded regularly to produce an enhanced camber to encourage rainwater to drain off the road, and drainage ditches at the sides may be absent. They are unlikely to have embankments through low-lying areas. This leads to greater waterlogging and erosion, and after heavy rain the road may be impassable even to off-road vehicles. For this reason, in some countries, such as Australia and New Zealand, they are known as dry-weather roads. Dirt roads take on different characteristics according to the soils and geology where they pass, and may be sandy, stony, rocky or have a bare earth surface, which could be extremely muddy and slippery when wet, and baked hard when dry. They are likely to become impassable after rain. They are common in rural areas of many countries, often very narrow and infrequently used, and are also found in metropolitan areas of many developing countries, where they may also be used as major highways and have considerable width. Terms similar to dirt road are dry-weather road, earth road, or the "Class Four Highway" designation used in the People's Republic of China. A track, dirt track, or earth track would normally be similar but less suitable for larger vehicles..comment A dirt road or track is a type of unpaved road made from the native material of the land surface through which it passes, known to highway engineers as subgrade material. Dirt roads are suitable for vehicles; a narrower path for pedestrians, animals, and possibly small vehicles would be called a dirt track—the distinction is not well-defined. Unpaved roads with a harder surface made by the addition of material such as gravel and aggregate (stones), might be referred to as dirt roads in common usage but are distinguished as improved roads by highway engineers. (Improved unpaved roads include gravel roads, laterite roads, murram roads and macadamized roads.).
3/3	==DB== Dirt Road.writer Kip Moore.writer Dan Couch.writer Weston Davis.released 2014-04-15.lastSingle "Young Love".nextSingle "I'm to Blame".Dirt Road."Dirt Road" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Kip Moore. It was released to radio on April 15, 2014. Moore wrote the song with Dan Couch and Weston Davis. The song along with his previous single "Young Love" were projected to be on his sophomore studio album, but were scrapped when the two songs stalled at radio..comment "Dirt Road" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Kip Moore. It was released to radio on April 15, 2014. Moore wrote the song with Dan Couch and Weston Davis. The song along with his previous single "Young Love" were projected to be on his sophomore studio album, but were scrapped when the two songs stalled at radio..
===31	drug dealer	3
1/3	==DB== Illegal drug trade.The illegal drug trade is a global black market dedicated to the cultivation, manufacture, distribution and sale of drugs that are subject to drug prohibition laws. Most jurisdictions prohibit trade, except under license, of many types of drugs through the use of drug prohibition laws. A UN report has stated that "the global drug trade generated an estimated US$321.6 billion in 2003." With a world GDP of US$36 trillion in the same year, the illegal drug trade may be estimated as nearly 1% of total global trade. Consumption of illegal drugs is widespread globally..comment The illegal drug trade is a global black market dedicated to the cultivation, manufacture, distribution and sale of drugs that are subject to drug prohibition laws. Most jurisdictions prohibit trade, except under license, of many types of drugs through the use of drug prohibition laws. A UN report has stated that "the global drug trade generated an estimated US$321.6 billion in 2003." With a world GDP of US$36 trillion in the same year, the illegal drug trade may be estimated as nearly 1% of total global trade. Consumption of illegal drugs is widespread globally..
2/3	==DB== Drug dealer.
3/3	==SS== One who illegally sells drugs.
===32	emergency surgery	2
1/2	==DB== Surgery.Surgery (from the Greek: χειρουργική cheirourgikē (composed of χείρ, "hand", and ἔργον, "work"), via Latin: chirurgiae, meaning "hand work") is an ancient medical specialty that uses operative manual and instrumental techniques on a patient to investigate and/or treat a pathological condition such as disease or injury, to help improve bodily function or appearance or to repair unwanted ruptured areas (for example, a perforated ear drum). An act of performing surgery may be called a "surgical procedure", "operation", or simply "surgery". In this context, the verb "operate" means to perform surgery. The adjective "surgical" means pertaining to surgery; e.g. surgical instruments or surgical nurse. The patient or subject on which the surgery is performed can be a person or an animal. A surgeon is a person who practices surgery and a surgeon's assistant is a person who practices surgical assistance. A surgical team is made up of surgeon, surgeon's assistant, anesthesia provider, circulating nurse and surgical technologist. Surgery usually spans minutes to hours, but it is typically not an ongoing or periodic type of treatment. The term "surgery" can also refer to the place where surgery is performed, or simply the office of a physician, dentist, or veterinarian..comment Surgery (from the Greek: χειρουργική cheirourgikē (composed of χείρ, "hand", and ἔργον, "work"), via Latin: chirurgiae, meaning "hand work") is an ancient medical specialty that uses operative manual and instrumental techniques on a patient to investigate and/or treat a pathological condition such as disease or injury, to help improve bodily function or appearance or to repair unwanted ruptured areas (for example, a perforated ear drum)..
2/2	==DB== Elective surgery.Elective surgery or elective procedure (from the Latin eligere, meaning to choose) is surgery that is scheduled in advance because it does not involve a medical emergency. Semi-elective surgery is a surgery that must be done to preserve the patient's life, but does not need to be performed immediately. By contrast, an urgent surgery is one that can wait until the patient is medically stable, but should generally be done today or tomorrow, and an emergency surgery is one that must be performed without delay; the patient has no choice other than immediate surgery, if they do not want to risk permanent disability or death. Most surgeries are elective..comment Elective surgery or elective procedure (from the Latin eligere, meaning to choose) is surgery that is scheduled in advance because it does not involve a medical emergency. Semi-elective surgery is a surgery that must be done to preserve the patient's life, but does not need to be performed immediately. Most surgeries are elective..
===33	expiration date	3
1/3	==SS== A date by which an object either should not be used or loses its value, depending upon the item.{{syn|en|expiry|[[expiry date]] {{q|Britain}}|EXP}} {{ux|en|credit card '''expiration date'''}} 
2/3	==DB== Expiration Date.pages 534.isbn 0.oclc 35908254.mediaType Print.Expiration Date (novel).Expiration Date is a 1996 fantasy novel by Tim Powers. It was nominated for both the Nebula and World Fantasy Awards in 1996..comment Expiration Date is a 1996 fantasy novel by Tim Powers. It was nominated for both the Nebula and World Fantasy Awards in 1996..
3/3	==DB== Expiration Date.writer Hamish Gunn.writer Rick Stevenson.runtime 5640.0.starring Ned Romero.starring Robert A. Guthrie.starring Dee Wallace.starring Nakotah LaRance.Expiration Date (film).Expiration Date (2006) is an independent black comedy film that won many film festival awards..comment Expiration Date (2006) is an independent black comedy film that won many film festival awards..
===34	fallen angel	37
1/37	==DB== Fallen Angel (Robbie Robertson song).
2/37	==DB== Fallen Angels.length 2270.0.released 2016-05-20.lastAlbum The Bootleg Series Vol. 12: The Cutting Edge 1965–1966.Fallen Angels (Bob Dylan album).Fallen Angels is the thirty-seventh studio album by Bob Dylan, released by Columbia Records on May 20, 2016. The album features covers of twelve classic American songs chosen by Dylan from a diverse array of writers such as Johnny Mercer, Harold Arlen, Sammy Cahn and Carolyn Leigh. Much like the album's predecessor, Shadows in the Night, every song on the album, except for "Skylark", was once recorded by Frank Sinatra. The album has received generally favorable reviews from critics, with particular praise for Dylan's vocal performance, production quality, and the arrangements of his band..comment Fallen Angels is the thirty-seventh studio album by Bob Dylan, released by Columbia Records on May 20, 2016. The album features covers of twelve classic American songs chosen by Dylan from a diverse array of writers such as Johnny Mercer, Harold Arlen, Sammy Cahn and Carolyn Leigh. Much like the album's predecessor, Shadows in the Night, every song on the album, except for "Skylark", was once recorded by Frank Sinatra. The album has received generally favorable reviews from critics, with particular praise for Dylan's vocal performance, production quality, and the arrangements of his band..
3/37	==DB== Fallen Angels.length 219.0.lastSingle "Perfect Weapon".nextSingle "The Legacy".Fallen Angels (Black Veil Brides song)."Fallen Angels" is the third single by the American rock band, Black Veil Brides, and the first single from their second album Set the World on Fire. The song is inspired by the biblical story told in the Book of Revelation, Chapter 12, in which Satan and one-third of God's angels rebelled against God, starting a war in Heaven and were therefore cast out of Heaven to the earth, becoming "fallen angels." The story was introduced to Andy Biersack and the Black Veil Brides by their band artist Richard Villa:.comment "Fallen Angels" is the third single by the American rock band, Black Veil Brides, and the first single from their second album Set the World on Fire. The song is inspired by the biblical story told in the Book of Revelation, Chapter 12, in which Satan and one-third of God's angels rebelled against God, starting a war in Heaven and were therefore cast out of Heaven to the earth, becoming "fallen angels." The story was introduced to Andy Biersack and the Black Veil Brides by their band artist Richard Villa:.
4/37	==DB== genre 2.composer Masaki Izutani.title The Fallen Angels.designer Kouzou Fujimoto.designer Mitsuo Kodama.The Fallen Angels (video game).The Fallen Angels (堕落天使 Daraku Tenshi) is a 1998 2D versus fighting arcade game developed by the Steel Hearts development team and published by Psikyo. It is Psikyo's second attempt in the 2D versus fighting genre after Battle K-Road. Information about the game's development and fate are scarce, though it is widely reported that it was released without being completely developed. The sprites for 4 unplayable characters have been found in the ROMs of the game. The developers of the game then reportedly moved back to SNK, supported by the observation that many of the characters bear striking resemblances to fighters that later appeared in SNK's The King of Fighters series and Garou: Mark of the Wolves. Game director Mitsuo Kodama was a designer on some SNK titles, including The King of Fighters '99, and has been a founding and active member of K2 LLC. In The King of Fighters '99, the boss character Krizalid's theme is titled "Dear Falling Angel"..comment The Fallen Angels (堕落天使 Daraku Tenshi) is a 1998 2D versus fighting arcade game developed by the Steel Hearts development team and published by Psikyo. It is Psikyo's second attempt in the 2D versus fighting genre after Battle K-Road..
5/37	==DB== Fallen Angel.length 363.0.next "One More Red Nightmare".trackNo 2.Fallen Angel (King Crimson song)."Fallen Angel" is a song by progressive rock band King Crimson, the second track on their album Red. The verse is in 4/4 time with the chorus in 3/4. The song is about a boy who gets his younger brother to join in the Hells Angels with him, and eventually watches him die in a fight in New York City, New York. "Fallen Angel" is the last King Crimson recording to date to feature Robert Fripp playing acoustic guitar. On subsequent recordings, he has played only electric guitar. The song began as part of an extended instrumental improvisatory piece performed by the original 1972–74 line-up with Jamie Muir and David Cross. A version of this early piece, also titled "Improv: Fallen Angel" can be heard on the King Crimson Collectors' Club release "Live at the Zoom Club October 1972". There is also a performance of "Improv: Fallen Angel Hullabaloo" on CD5 of the 2012 Larks' Tongues in Aspic box set - "Hull Technical College - November 10, 1972"..comment "Fallen Angel" is a song by progressive rock band King Crimson, the second track on their album Red. The verse is in 4/4 time with the chorus in 3/4. The song is about a boy who gets his younger brother to join in the Hells Angels with him, and eventually watches him die in a fight in New York City, New York..
6/37	==DB== Fallen Angel (Xena episode).
7/37	==DB== Fallen angel.A fallen angel is a wicked or rebellious angel that has been cast out of heaven. The term "fallen angel" does not appear in the Bible, but it is used of angels who sinned (such as those referred to in 2 Peter 2:4, "For if God did not spare angels when they sinned, but cast them into hell and committed them to chains of gloomy darkness to be kept until the judgment ..."), of angels cast down to the earth in the War in Heaven, of Satan, demons, or of certain Watchers. The term has become popular in fictional literature regarding angels. Mention of angels who descended to Mount Hermon (not "fell" to Earth) is found in the Book of Enoch, which the Ethiopian Orthodox Church and Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church accept as canonical, as well as in various pseudepigrapha..comment A fallen angel is a wicked or rebellious angel that has been cast out of heaven. The term "fallen angel" does not appear in the Bible, but it is used of angels who sinned (such as those referred to in 2 Peter 2:4, "For if God did not spare angels when they sinned, but cast them into hell and committed them to chains of gloomy darkness to be kept until the judgment ..."), of angels cast down to the earth in the War in Heaven, of Satan, demons, or of certain Watchers. The term has become popular in fictional literature regarding angels..
8/37	==DB== Fallen Angel.length 2376.0.lastAlbum Innocent Victim.nextAlbum Conquest.Fallen Angel (Uriah Heep album).Fallen Angel is the 12th album released by British rock band Uriah Heep in 1978.The ever-evolving story of Uriah Heep found them exploring a more commercial vein than usual on this 1978 release. Fallen Angel reached No. 186 in the US but in Germany the band was at the height of their popularity..comment Fallen Angel is the 12th album released by British rock band Uriah Heep in 1978.The ever-evolving story of Uriah Heep found them exploring a more commercial vein than usual on this 1978 release. Fallen Angel reached No. 186 in the US but in Germany the band was at the height of their popularity..
9/37	==DB== Fallen angel.length 1284.0.released 2006-05-23.artist 25.lastAlbum Hellbound, misery, torment.Fallen Angel (25 ta Life album).Fallen angel is an extended play by the American hardcore punk band 25 ta Life, which was released on May 23, 2006. It is also available on blue vinyl 12", which was limited to 500 copies. This record was dedicated to Achilleas "Archie" Kalafatis. SIB stands for Strong Island Boys..comment Fallen angel is an extended play by the American hardcore punk band 25 ta Life, which was released on May 23, 2006. It is also available on blue vinyl 12", which was limited to 500 copies. This record was dedicated to Achilleas "Archie" Kalafatis. SIB stands for Strong Island Boys..
10/37	==DB== The Fallen Angel (2010 film).
11/37	==DB== Fallen Angels.writer Thomas Moldestad.runtime 5700.0.Fallen Angels (2008 film).Fallen Angels (Norwegian: Varg Veum: Falne engler) is a 2008 film directed by Morten Tyldum. It was nominated for numerous Amanda Awards in 2008. It is the fourth film in the Varg Veum series..comment Fallen Angels (Norwegian: Varg Veum: Falne engler) is a 2008 film directed by Morten Tyldum. It was nominated for numerous Amanda Awards in 2008. It is the fourth film in the Varg Veum series..
12/37	==DB== Fallen Angels.author Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle, and Michael Flynn.genre Dystopian science fiction.isbn 0.dewey 813.congress PS3564.I9 F35 1991.oclc 50129308.mediaType Print and eBook.Fallen Angels (science fiction novel).Fallen Angels (1991) is a science fiction novel by American science fiction authors Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle, and Michael Flynn published by Jim Baen. The winner of 1992 Prometheus Award, the novel was written as a tribute to science fiction fandom, and includes many of its well-known figures, legends, and practices. It also champions modern technology and heaps scorn upon its critics - budget cutting politicians, fringe environmentalists and the forces of ignorance. An ebook of this text was among the first released by the Baen Free Library. The novel takes aim at several targets of ridicule: Senator William Proxmire, radical environmentalists and mystics, such as one character who believes that one cannot freeze to death in the snow because ice is a crystal and "crystals are healing." It also mocks ignorance in journalism, which greatly helps the main characters (for example, one "expert" cited in a news article believes that the astronauts must have superhuman strength, based on a photograph of a weightless astronaut easily handling heavy construction equipment) and the non-scientific world in general. Several real people are tuckerized into the book in a more positive light, including many fans who made donations to charity for that express purpose and a character called "RMS" (presumably Richard M. Stallman) who leads a network of hackers called the Legion of Doom, connected by a series of BBS systems..comment Fallen Angels (1991) is a science fiction novel by American science fiction authors Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle, and Michael Flynn published by Jim Baen. The winner of 1992 Prometheus Award, the novel was written as a tribute to science fiction fandom, and includes many of its well-known figures, legends, and practices. It also champions modern technology and heaps scorn upon its critics - budget cutting politicians, fringe environmentalists and the forces of ignorance. An ebook of this text was among the first released by the Baen Free Library..
13/37	==DB== Fallen Angels.墮落天使.writer Wong Kar-wai.runtime 5400.0.cinematography Joe Chan.music Roel A. Garcia.gross HK$7,476,025.gross 163145.0.Fallen Angels (1995 film).Fallen Angels is a 1995 Hong Kong drama film written and directed by Wong Kar-wai, starring Leon Lai, Michelle Reis, Takeshi Kaneshiro, Charlie Yeung, and Karen Mok. Fallen Angels can be seen as a companion piece to Chungking Express. It was originally conceived as the third story for Chungking Express, but Fallen Angels can be considered a spiritual sequel due to similar themes, locations and methods of filming, while one of the main characters lives in the Chungking Mansions and works at the Midnight Express food stall..comment Fallen Angels is a 1995 Hong Kong drama film written and directed by Wong Kar-wai, starring Leon Lai, Michelle Reis, Takeshi Kaneshiro, Charlie Yeung, and Karen Mok. Fallen Angels can be seen as a companion piece to Chungking Express. It was originally conceived as the third story for Chungking Express, but Fallen Angels can be considered a spiritual sequel due to similar themes, locations and methods of filming, while one of the main characters lives in the Chungking Mansions and works at the Midnight Express food stall..
14/37	==DB== Fallen Angel (2003 film).Fallen Angel is a 2003 film. When his father dies, Terry (Gary Sinese) returns to the house where he grew up, planning to stay only long enough to clean and settle the estate. Yet something indescribable keeps him there longer than expected. Soon, he is reunited with memories and people from his past and his life is changed forever..comment Fallen Angel is a 2003 film. When his father dies, Terry (Gary Sinese) returns to the house where he grew up, planning to stay only long enough to clean and settle the estate. Yet something indescribable keeps him there longer than expected. Soon, he is reunited with memories and people from his past and his life is changed forever..
15/37	==DB== Fallen Angel (Wilkins novel).
16/37	==DB== presenter Lynette Walden.producer Steve Golin.runtime 1800.0.showName Fallen Angels.numSeasons 2.numEpisodes 15.company Propaganda Films.company Mirage Enterprises.pictureFormat 35.0.firstAired 1993-08-01.Fallen Angels (TV series).Fallen Angels is an American neo-noir anthology television series that ran from 1993 to 1995 on the Showtime pay cable station and was produced by Propaganda Films. No first-run episodes were shown in 1994. The series was executive produced by Sydney Pollack and produced by Steve Golin and others. The theme song was written by Elmer Bernstein and the original music was written by Peter Bernstein. Period torch songs by performers like Patti Page and Billie Holiday were used periodically. In Europe, the show is known as Perfect Crimes and shown in France on Canal +, and in England..comment Fallen Angels is an American neo-noir anthology television series that ran from 1993 to 1995 on the Showtime pay cable station and was produced by Propaganda Films. No first-run episodes were shown in 1994. The series was executive produced by Sydney Pollack and produced by Steve Golin and others. The theme song was written by Elmer Bernstein and the original music was written by Peter Bernstein. Period torch songs by performers like Patti Page and Billie Holiday were used periodically. In Europe, the show is known as Perfect Crimes and shown in France on Canal +, and in England..
17/37	==DB== Fallen Angels.pages 323.isbn 0.Fallen Angels (Myers novel).Fallen Angels is a 1988 young-adult novel written by Walter Dean Myers, about the Vietnam War. It won the 1988 Coretta Scott King Award. Fallen Angels is listed as number 16 in the American Library Association's list of 100 most frequently challenged books of 1990–2000 due to its use of profanity and realistic depiction of the war..comment Fallen Angels is a 1988 young-adult novel written by Walter Dean Myers, about the Vietnam War. It won the 1988 Coretta Scott King Award. Fallen Angels is listed as number 16 in the American Library Association's list of 100 most frequently challenged books of 1990–2000 due to its use of profanity and realistic depiction of the war..
18/37	==DB== Fallen Angel (cocktail).The Fallen Angel is a gin cocktail. The ingredients include gin, green creme de menthe, Angostura bitters and lemon or lime juice..comment The Fallen Angel is a gin cocktail. The ingredients include gin, green creme de menthe, Angostura bitters and lemon or lime juice..
19/37	==DB== runtime 5760.0.showName Fallen Angel.executiveProducer Jim Green.firstAired 1981-02-24.network CBS.Fallen Angel (1981 film).Fallen Angel is a 1981 made-for-TV film which explores pedophilia. It was directed by Robert Michael Lewis, written by Lew Hunter, and stars Dana Hill, Melinda Dillon, Richard Masur, and Ronny Cox. It is a Green/Epstein Production in association with Columbia Pictures Television. The film received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Drama Special, and won a Young Artist Award for star Hill in the category of Best Young Actress. After its initial airing on CBS, it was later released on VHS by RCA/Columbia Pictures Home Video in 1983, and turned up occasionally via syndication and cable television into the mid-1990s..comment Fallen Angel is a 1981 made-for-TV film which explores pedophilia. It was directed by Robert Michael Lewis, written by Lew Hunter, and stars Dana Hill, Melinda Dillon, Richard Masur, and Ronny Cox. It is a Green/Epstein Production in association with Columbia Pictures Television. The film received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Drama Special, and won a Young Artist Award for star Hill in the category of Best Young Actress..
20/37	==DB== The Fallen Angel (Daniel Silva novel).
21/37	==DB== Fallen Angels.artist Knox, Nasty Suicide, Sam Yaffa, Razzle.Fallen Angels (Fallen Angels album).Fallen Angels is a 1984 punk album by the band Fallen Angels, a project of Knox of The Vibrators and members of Hanoi Rocks; Nasty Suicide, Sam Yaffa, Razzle, Mike Monroe, Andy McCoy..comment Fallen Angels is a 1984 punk album by the band Fallen Angels, a project of Knox of The Vibrators and members of Hanoi Rocks; Nasty Suicide, Sam Yaffa, Razzle, Mike Monroe, Andy McCoy..
22/37	==DB== Phil May & the Fallen Angels.
23/37	==DB== Fallen Angels (Australian TV series).Fallen Angels is an Australian television series, aired by the ABC in 1997. Twenty episodes were produced, portraying a community legal centre in Endeavour Park, a fictional western suburb of Sydney, and the interesting clients represented by its overworked lawyers..comment Fallen Angels is an Australian television series, aired by the ABC in 1997. Twenty episodes were produced, portraying a community legal centre in Endeavour Park, a fictional western suburb of Sydney, and the interesting clients represented by its overworked lawyers..
24/37	==DB== Fallen Angels.length 3457.0.released 2011-11-28.lastAlbum Hell.nextAlbum From the Very Depths.Fallen Angels (Venom album).Fallen Angels is the thirteenth studio album by English heavy metal band Venom. It was released by Spinefarm/Universal on 28 November 2011..comment Fallen Angels is the thirteenth studio album by English heavy metal band Venom. It was released by Spinefarm/Universal on 28 November 2011..
25/37	==DB== related Wings of Desire.showName Fallen Angel.numEpisodes 25.Fallen Angel (TV series).Fallen Angel (simplified Chinese: 天使的烙印) is a Mandarin Chinese episodic drama produced jointly by Singaporean broadcaster MediaCorp TV and Malaysian broadcaster Media Prima Berhad. It was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8. It made its debut on 6 July 2007 and ended on 30 August 2007. This drama serial consists of 25 episodes, and was screened on every weekend night at 7:00 pm to 9:00 pm. It was the first joint production between the two companies, and is a remake of Television Corporation of Singapore (now MediaCorp) drama Wings Of Desire..comment Fallen Angel (simplified Chinese: 天使的烙印) is a Mandarin Chinese episodic drama produced jointly by Singaporean broadcaster MediaCorp TV and Malaysian broadcaster Media Prima Berhad. It was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8. It made its debut on 6 July 2007 and ended on 30 August 2007. This drama serial consists of 25 episodes, and was screened on every weekend night at 7:00 pm to 9:00 pm. It was the first joint production between the two companies, and is a remake of Television Corporation of Singapore (now MediaCorp) drama Wings Of Desire..
26/37	==DB== runtime 3600.0.creator Andrew Taylor.creator Peter Ransley.showName Fallen Angel.starring Richard Manlove.numEpisodes 3.firstAired 2007-03-11.lastAired 2007-03-13.numSeries 1.Fallen Angel (UK TV series).Fallen Angel is an ITV crime drama series, first broadcast on 11 March 2007, which is based on the Roth Trilogy of novels by Andrew Taylor. It tells the story of Rosie Byfield, a clergyman's daughter, who grows up to be a psychopathic killer. It has an unusual narrative that moves backwards in time as it uncovers the layers of Rosie's past. Starring Charles Dance and Emilia Fox, the series was subtitled The Making of a Murderer for the DVD release, which followed on 19 March..comment Fallen Angel is an ITV crime drama series, first broadcast on 11 March 2007, which is based on the Roth Trilogy of novels by Andrew Taylor. It tells the story of Rosie Byfield, a clergyman's daughter, who grows up to be a psychopathic killer. It has an unusual narrative that moves backwards in time as it uncovers the layers of Rosie's past. Starring Charles Dance and Emilia Fox, the series was subtitled The Making of a Murderer for the DVD release, which followed on 19 March..
27/37	==DB== Fallen Angels (Hanoi Rocks album).
28/37	==SS== an angel who rebelled against God and was exiled from heaven.
29/37	==DB== title Sacred 2: Fallen Angel.designer Bob Bates.series Sacred.released --05-12.released --11-07.released Microsoft Windows.Sacred 2: Fallen Angel.Sacred 2: Fallen Angel is an action role-playing game. It is the second full game in the Sacred video game series. It is a prequel which takes place 2,000 years before the events of Sacred. Like its predecessor, the game takes place in a fantasy setting. A new game engine allows the game to be rendered in perspective correct 3D, while retaining the viewpoint found in older isometric games. Video game designer Bob Bates has been involved in its production. Power metal band Blind Guardian wrote the song "Sacred Worlds" as the theme for the game and also make an appearance as characters. The PC version was released in late 2008, the console versions were delayed until 2009 with the discs being pressed in April 2009 for a May release, in April the developer, Ascaron, went into administration citing the extended development as the reason. An add-on titled Ice & Blood was released October 2 for European PC players only. Support for the US PC version has been taken over by Deep Silver, though all support for current and future expansions and console versions in the US has been dropped..comment Sacred 2: Fallen Angel is an action role-playing game. It is the second full game in the Sacred video game series. It is a prequel which takes place 2,000 years before the events of Sacred. Like its predecessor, the game takes place in a fantasy setting. A new game engine allows the game to be rendered in perspective correct 3D, while retaining the viewpoint found in older isometric games. Video game designer Bob Bates has been involved in its production. Power metal band Blind Guardian wrote the song "Sacred Worlds" as the theme for the game and also make an appearance as characters..
30/37	==DB== title Fallen Angels.Fallen Angels (comics).Fallen Angels is a team of fictional comic book superhuman teenagers in the Marvel Comics universe. A spin-off of The New Mutants, the series starred Sunspot and Warlock along with the character Boom-Boom from X-Factor, along with several additional characters, many of whom were obscure Marvel figures. The team's only appearances were in the Fallen Angels eight-issue limited series, written by Jo Duffy, which ran from April 1987 to November 1987. The series was originally titled Misfits. Early ads and solicitations for the series showed this title shortly before it was released. A second mini-series was planned but never published..comment Fallen Angels is a team of fictional comic book superhuman teenagers in the Marvel Comics universe. A spin-off of The New Mutants, the series starred Sunspot and Warlock along with the character Boom-Boom from X-Factor, along with several additional characters, many of whom were obscure Marvel figures..
31/37	==DB== 
32/37	==DB== title Fallen Angel.season 1.airdate 1993-11-19.episode 10.guests *Frederick Coffin as Joseph McGrath *Marshall Bell as Calvin Henderson *Scott Bellis as Max Fenig *Jerry Hardin as Deep Throat.Fallen Angel (The X-Files)."Fallen Angel" is the tenth episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files. It premiered on the Fox network on November 19, 1993. It was written by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa, and directed by Larry Shaw. The episode featured the first of three guest appearances by Scott Bellis as Max Fenig, and saw Jerry Hardin reprise his role as Deep Throat. The episode helped explore the series' overarching mythology. The episode was mostly well received. The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), who work on cases called X-Files, which are linked to the paranormal. When Mulder and Scully investigate a mysterious crash site, they find that the official reports of the incident may be covering up the crash of a UFO. Meanwhile, Mulder meets a ufologist who he believes may be a former abductee. The episode introduced the UFO fanatic character Max Fenig, who would go on to be a minor recurring character. Fenig would later appear in the fourth season episodes "Tempus Fugit" and "Max". In addition, Fenig also laid the template for the introduction of The Lone Gunmen in the later first-season episode "E.B.E.".comment "Fallen Angel" is the tenth episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files. It premiered on the Fox network on November 19, 1993. It was written by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa, and directed by Larry Shaw. The episode featured the first of three guest appearances by Scott Bellis as Max Fenig, and saw Jerry Hardin reprise his role as Deep Throat. The episode helped explore the series' overarching mythology. The episode was mostly well received..
33/37	==DB== Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television.publisher Grove Press.pages 274.isbn 0.dewey 812.congress PN6120.T4 F35 1993.oclc 28291287.releaseDate 1993-09-01.Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television.Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television is a 1993 anthology, published by Grove Press as a tie-in to the Showtime television series Fallen Angels that appeared in the fall of 1993. The book contains six stories by six masters of hard-boiled noir and the teleplays for their film adaptations. The hard-boiled stories were written by: Raymond Chandler, Jim Thompson, William Campbell Gault, Cornell Woolrich, Jonathan Craig and James Ellroy. Preface: by James Ellroy..comment Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television is a 1993 anthology, published by Grove Press as a tie-in to the Showtime television series Fallen Angels that appeared in the fall of 1993. The book contains six stories by six masters of hard-boiled noir and the teleplays for their film adaptations. The hard-boiled stories were written by: Raymond Chandler, Jim Thompson, William Campbell Gault, Cornell Woolrich, Jonathan Craig and James Ellroy. Preface: by James Ellroy..
34/37	==DB== Fallen Angel (Poison song)."Fallen Angel" is the second single from Open Up and Say...Ahh!, American glam metal band Poison's second studio album. The b-side of the seven inch was "Bad to Be Good"..comment "Fallen Angel" is the second single from Open Up and Say...Ahh!, American glam metal band Poison's second studio album. The b-side of the seven inch was "Bad to Be Good"..
35/37	==DB== Fallen Angel.director Otto Preminger.distributor 20.runtime 5880.0.gross 1500000.0.Fallen Angel (1945 film).Fallen Angel is a 1945 black-and-white film noir directed by Otto Preminger, with cinematography by Joseph LaShelle, who had also worked with Preminger on Laura a year before. The film features Alice Faye, Dana Andrews, Linda Darnell, and Charles Bickford. It was the last film Faye made as a major Hollywood star, and she did not make another film until State Fair (1962)..comment Fallen Angel is a 1945 black-and-white film noir directed by Otto Preminger, with cinematography by Joseph LaShelle, who had also worked with Preminger on Laura a year before. The film features Alice Faye, Dana Andrews, Linda Darnell, and Charles Bickford. It was the last film Faye made as a major Hollywood star, and she did not make another film until State Fair (1962)..
36/37	==DB== title Fallen Angel.Fallen Angel (comics).Fallen Angel is an American fictional comic book heroine created and owned by writer Peter David and artist David López, who appears in her self-titled monthly series. It was published by DC Comics from July 2003 until it was canceled with issue #20 in May 2005 because of low sales. It resumed publication through IDW Publishing in December 2005, and ran for 33 issues. It has since been followed by two mini-series, Fallen Angel: Reborn and Fallen Angel: Return of the Son. While not completely without humor, it is a very dark book with morally ambiguous characters. It was also one of the few "mature readers" books that DC published outside of its Vertigo imprint and was created to serve as a "bridge" between the general-audience DC titles and its Vertigo titles. The first series was illustrated in the typical pen-and-ink method of the comic book industry by penciller David López and inker Fernando Blanco. The first five-issue arc of the second series was painted by J. K. Woodward, though both Woodward and guest artists have utilized the traditional pen-and-ink method since then..comment Fallen Angel is an American fictional comic book heroine created and owned by writer Peter David and artist David López, who appears in her self-titled monthly series. It was published by DC Comics from July 2003 until it was canceled with issue #20 in May 2005 because of low sales. It resumed publication through IDW Publishing in December 2005, and ran for 33 issues. It has since been followed by two mini-series, Fallen Angel: Reborn and Fallen Angel: Return of the Son..
37/37	==DB== Fallen Angels (play).Fallen Angels is a comedy by the English playwright Noël Coward. It opened at the Globe Theatre, London (now called the Gielgud Theatre) on 21 April 1925 and ran until 29 August. The central theme of two wives admitting to premarital sex and contemplating adultery met hostility from the office of the official theatre censor, the Lord Chamberlain, and the necessary licence was granted only after the personal intervention of the Chamberlain..comment Fallen Angels is a comedy by the English playwright Noël Coward. It opened at the Globe Theatre, London (now called the Gielgud Theatre) on 21 April 1925 and ran until 29 August. The central theme of two wives admitting to premarital sex and contemplating adultery met hostility from the office of the official theatre censor, the Lord Chamberlain, and the necessary licence was granted only after the personal intervention of the Chamberlain..
===35	family name	3
1/3	==SS== A surname.
2/3	==DB== 
3/3	==DB== Surname.A surname or family name is a name added to a given name. In many cases, a surname is a family name and many dictionaries define "surname" as a synonym of "family name". In the Western Hemisphere, it is commonly synonymous with last name because it is usually placed at the end of a person's given name. In most Spanish-speaking and Portuguese-speaking countries, two or more last names (or surnames) may be used. In Cambodia, China, Hungary, Japan, Korea, Madagascar, Taiwan, Vietnam, and parts of India, the family name is placed before a person's given name. The concept of a "surname" is a relatively recent historical development, evolving from a medieval naming practice called a "byname". Based on an individual's occupation or area of residence, a byname would be used in situations where more than one person had the same name. A family name is typically a part of a person's personal name which, according to law or custom, is passed or given to children from one or both of their parents' family names. The use of family names is common in most cultures around the world, with each culture having its own rules as to how these names are formed, passed and used. However, the style of having both a family name (surname) and a given name (forename) is . In many countries, it is common for ordinary people to have only one name or mononym, with some cultures not using family names. Also, in most Slavic countries and in Greece, for example, there are different family name forms for male and female members of the family. Issues of family name arise especially on the passing of a name to a new-born child, on the adoption of a common family name on marriage, on renouncing of a family name and on changing of a family name. Surname laws vary around the world. Traditionally in many European countries for the past few hundred years, it was the custom or law that a woman would on marriage use the surname of her husband and that children of a man would have the father's surname. If a child's paternity was not known, or if the putative father denied paternity, the new-born child would have the surname of the mother. That is still the custom and law in many countries. The surname for children of married parents is usually inherited from the father. In recent years there has been a trend towards equality of treatment in relation to family names with women not being automatically required or expected, some places even forbidden, to take the husband's surname on marriage, and children not automatically being given the father's surname. In this article, family name and surname both mean the patrilineal (literally, father-line) surname, handed down from or inherited from the father's line or patriline, unless explicitly stated otherwise. Thus, the term "maternal surname" means the patrilineal surname which one's mother inherited from either or both of her parents. For a discussion of matrilineal ('mother-line') surnames, passing from mothers to daughters, see matrilineal surname. In English-speaking cultures, family names are often used by children when referring to adults, but it's also used to refer to someone in authority, the elderly, or in a formal setting, and are often used with a title or honorific such as Mr., Mrs., Ms., Miss, Dr, and so on. Generally the given name, first name, forename, or personal name is the one used by friends, family, and other intimates to address an individual. It may also be used by someone who is in some way senior to the person being addressed. This practice also differs between cultures; see T–V distinction..comment A surname or family name is a name added to a given name. In many cases, a surname is a family name and many dictionaries define "surname" as a synonym of "family name". In the Western Hemisphere, it is commonly synonymous with last name because it is usually placed at the end of a person's given name. In most Spanish-speaking and Portuguese-speaking countries, two or more last names (or surnames) may be used. In Cambodia, China, Hungary, Japan, Korea, Madagascar, Taiwan, Vietnam, and parts of India, the family name is placed before a person's given name..
===36	field goal	3
1/3	==DB== Goal (sport).In sports, a goal is a physical structure or area where an attacking team must send the ball or puck in order to score points. In several sports, a goal is the sole method of scoring, and thus the final score is expressed in the total number of goals scored by each team. In other sports, a goal may be one of several scoring methods, and thus may be worth a different set number of points than the others. The structure of a goal varies from sport to sport. Most often, it is a rectangular structure that is placed at each end of the playing field. Each structure usually consists of two vertical posts, called goal posts, supporting a horizontal crossbar. A goal line marked on the playing surface between the goal posts demarcates the goal area. Thus, the objective is to send the ball or puck between the goal posts, under or over the crossbar (depending on the sport), and across the goal line. Less commonly, as in basketball or netball, goals are ring-shaped. The structure is often accompanied with an auxiliary net, which stops or slows down the ball when a goal is scored..comment In sports, a goal is a physical structure or area where an attacking team must send the ball or puck in order to score points. In several sports, a goal is the sole method of scoring, and thus the final score is expressed in the total number of goals scored by each team. In other sports, a goal may be one of several scoring methods, and thus may be worth a different set number of points than the others..
2/3	==SS== When the ball is kicked through the uprights and over the crossbar (not after a touchdown) for 3 points.''He kicked a 33 yard '''field goal''' just before the half.'' 
3/3	==DB== Field goal.A field goal (FG) is a means of scoring in American football and Canadian football. To score a field goal the team in possession of the ball must place kick, or drop kick, the ball through the goal, i.e., between the uprights and over the crossbar. American football requires that a field goal must only come during a play from scrimmage, while Canadian football retains open field kicks and thus field goals may be scored at any time from anywhere on the field and by any player. The vast majority of field goals, in both codes, are placed kicked. Drop kicked field goals were common in the early days of Gridiron football but are almost never done in modern times. In most leagues, a successful field goal awards three points (a notable exception is in six-man football where, due to the difficulty of making a successful field goal because of the small number of players available to stop the opposing team from attempting a block, a field goal is worth four points). A field goal may also be scored through a fair catch kick, but this is extremely rare. Since a field goal is worth only three points, as opposed to a touchdown, which is worth six points, it is usually only attempted in specific situations (see ). The goal structure consists of a horizontal crossbar suspended 10 feet (3.0 m) above the ground, with two vertical goalposts 18 feet 6 inches (5.64 m) apart extending vertically from each end of the crossbar. In American football the goals are centered on each end line; in Canadian football the goals are centered on each goal line..comment A field goal (FG) is a means of scoring in American football and Canadian football. To score a field goal the team in possession of the ball must place kick, or drop kick, the ball through the goal, i.e., between the uprights and over the crossbar. American football requires that a field goal must only come during a play from scrimmage, while Canadian football retains open field kicks and thus field goals may be scored at any time from anywhere on the field and by any player. The vast majority of field goals, in both codes, are placed kicked. Drop kicked field goals were common in the early days of Gridiron football but are almost never done in modern times. In most leagues, a successful field goal awards three points (a notable exception is in six-man football where, due to the difficulty.
===37	fighting spirit	3
1/3	==DB== Fighting Spirit (Power Rangers).
2/3	==DB== Fighting Spirit (manga).
3/3	==DB== title Fighting Spirit Magazine.imageSize 200.firstdate 2006-04-13.Fighting Spirit Magazine.FSM (Fighting Spirit Magazine) is a monthly professional wrestling and mixed martial arts magazine published in the United Kingdom by Uncooked Media. The publication launched its first issue on April 13, 2006. The UK's largest pro wrestling magazine, it is available in both print and digital formats..comment FSM (Fighting Spirit Magazine) is a monthly professional wrestling and mixed martial arts magazine published in the United Kingdom by Uncooked Media. The publication launched its first issue on April 13, 2006. The UK's largest pro wrestling magazine, it is available in both print and digital formats..
===38	finish line	9
1/9	==DB== 
2/9	==SS== A line marking the end of a race.{{ux|en|The five exhausted runners crossed the '''finish line''' one after the other.}} 
3/9	==DB== Finish Line (Lou Reed song).
4/9	==DB== Finish Line, Inc..locations 656.keyPeople Sam Sato, Chairman, & CEO.products Clothing and shoes.revenue 1.44E9.Finish Line, Inc..Finish Line NASDAQ: FINL is an American retail chain that sells athletic shoes and related apparel and accessories. The company operates 660 stores in 47 states, mostly in enclosed shopping malls, as well as Finish Line-branded athletic shoe departments in more than 450 Macy's stores..comment Finish Line NASDAQ: FINL is an American retail chain that sells athletic shoes and related apparel and accessories. The company operates 660 stores in 47 states, mostly in enclosed shopping malls, as well as Finish Line-branded athletic shoe departments in more than 450 Macy's stores..
5/9	==DB== Finish Line (1989 film).Finish Line is a 1989 television movie originally broadcast on Turner Network Television starring real life father and son James and Josh Brolin. The movie also features Stephen Lang as a hard driving track coach and an early appearance by Mariska Hargitay as a student reporter. The movie is about a young college athlete with dreams of Olympic gold whose experimentation with steroids leads to a tragic finale for all those involved. The film was released at a time when little was known about the harmful effects of steroids..comment Finish Line is a 1989 television movie originally broadcast on Turner Network Television starring real life father and son James and Josh Brolin. The movie also features Stephen Lang as a hard driving track coach and an early appearance by Mariska Hargitay as a student reporter. The movie is about a young college athlete with dreams of Olympic gold whose experimentation with steroids leads to a tragic finale for all those involved. The film was released at a time when little was known about the harmful effects of steroids..
6/9	==DB== The Finish Line (Axium song).
7/9	==DB== Finish Line.genre *.producer *.producer * Marc Williams.length 239.0.released 2011-05-08.format *.format 12".lastSingle "On My Own".nextSingle "Young Guns".Finish Line (Yasmin song)."Finish Line" is a song recorded by British artist Yasmin. Self-written, produced by Labrinth and co-produced by Marc Williams and featuring a sample from the Stevie Wonder song "As". The song was released on 8 May 2011 as Yasmin's second single..comment "Finish Line" is a song recorded by British artist Yasmin. Self-written, produced by Labrinth and co-produced by Marc Williams and featuring a sample from the Stevie Wonder song "As". The song was released on 8 May 2011 as Yasmin's second single..
8/9	==DB== Finish Line (The Price Is Right).
9/9	==DB== The Finish Line (Train song).
===39	floating point	3
1/3	==DB== Floating Point.producer John McLaughlin.released 2008-05-20.lastAlbum Industrial Zen.nextAlbum To the One.Floating Point.Floating Point is an album by John McLaughlin, released in 2008 through the record label Abstract Logix. The album reached number fourteen on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart..comment Floating Point is an album by John McLaughlin, released in 2008 through the record label Abstract Logix. The album reached number fourteen on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart..
2/3	==DB== Floating point.In computing, floating point is the formulaic representation that approximates a real number so as to support a trade-off between range and precision. A number is, in general, represented approximately to a fixed number of significant digits (the significand) and scaled using an exponent in some fixed base; the base for the scaling is normally two, ten, or sixteen. A number that can be represented exactly is of the following form: where significand ∈ Z, base is an integer ≥ 2, and exponent ∈ Z. For example: The term floating point refers to the fact that a number's radix point (decimal point, or, more commonly in computers, binary point) can "float"; that is, it can be placed anywhere relative to the significant digits of the number. This position is indicated as the exponent component, and thus the floating-point representation can be thought of as a kind of scientific notation. A floating-point system can be used to represent, with a fixed number of digits, numbers of different orders of magnitude: e.g. the distance between galaxies or the diameter of an atomic nucleus can be expressed with the same unit of length. The result of this dynamic range is that the numbers that can be represented are not uniformly spaced; the difference between two consecutive representable numbers grows with the chosen scale. Over the years, a variety of floating-point representations have been used in computers. However, since the 1990s, the most commonly encountered representation is that defined by the IEEE 754 Standard. The speed of floating-point operations, commonly measured in terms of FLOPS, is an important characteristic of a computer system, especially for applications that involve intensive mathematical calculations..comment In computing, floating point is the formulaic representation that approximates a real number so as to support a trade-off between range and precision. A number is, in general, represented approximately to a fixed number of significant digits (the significand) and scaled using an exponent in some fixed base; the base for the scaling is normally two, ten, or sixteen. A number that can be represented exactly is of the following form: where significand ∈ Z, base is an integer ≥ 2, and exponent ∈ Z. For example:.
3/3	==SS== of a number, written in two parts as a mantissa (the value of the digits) and characteristic (order of magnitude / the power of a number base) e.g. 0.314159 x 101
===40	folk singer	7
1/7	==DB== Folksinger.
2/7	==DB== Folksinger (Phranc song).
3/7	==DB== Folksinger.length 2466.0.released 1985-11-13.nextAlbum I Enjoy Being a Girl.Folksinger (album).Folksinger is an album by folk singer-songwriter Phranc, released in 1985. Phranc's first solo LP fused elements of her punk rock past with acoustic folk music. She covers Bob Dylan's "The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll," comments on the image of girl groups ("Everywhere I Go (I Hear the Go Go's)") and the personal tragedy of suicide in "Lifelover". Folksinger was originally released on Rhino Records and was then licensed to Island Records. "Everywhere I Go (I Hear the Go-Go's)" was a bonus track on the Island version..comment Folksinger is an album by folk singer-songwriter Phranc, released in 1985. Phranc's first solo LP fused elements of her punk rock past with acoustic folk music. She covers Bob Dylan's "The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll," comments on the image of girl groups ("Everywhere I Go (I Hear the Go Go's)") and the personal tragedy of suicide in "Lifelover". Folksinger was originally released on Rhino Records and was then licensed to Island Records. "Everywhere I Go (I Hear the Go-Go's)" was a bonus track on the Island version..
4/7	==DB== Dave Van Ronk, Folksinger.length 2511.0.lastAlbum Van Ronk Sings.nextAlbum In the Tradition.Dave Van Ronk, Folksinger.Dave Van Ronk, Folksinger was a 1962 album by American folksinger Dave Van Ronk..comment Dave Van Ronk, Folksinger was a 1962 album by American folksinger Dave Van Ronk..
5/7	==SS== , someone who sings folk music.
6/7	==DB== Folksingers 'Round Harvard Square.artist Joan Baez, Bill Wood, Ted Alevizos.nextAlbum Joan Baez.Folksingers 'Round Harvard Square.Folksingers 'Round Harvard Square is the first album featuring Joan Baez.The album was recorded by Stephen Fassett in Boston, May 1959 with Joan Baez, Bill Wood and Ted Alevizos. Only six of the eighteen tracks on this album were solos by Baez. In 1963, an unauthorized reissue of the album was released on Squire Records as The Best of Joan Baez(minus the four tracks that did not contain Baez' vocals), but was withdrawn after Baez took legal action against it (by which time the album had already made the top-fifty on the U.S. albums charts). Harvard Square is a place in Cambridge, Massachusetts..comment Folksingers 'Round Harvard Square is the first album featuring Joan Baez.The album was recorded by Stephen Fassett in Boston, May 1959 with Joan Baez, Bill Wood and Ted Alevizos. Only six of the eighteen tracks on this album were solos by Baez. In 1963, an unauthorized reissue of the album was released on Squire Records as The Best of Joan Baez(minus the four tracks that did not contain Baez' vocals), but was withdrawn after Baez took legal action against it (by which time the album had already made the top-fifty on the U.S. albums charts)..
7/7	==DB== Traditional folk music.instruments See Folk instruments.derivatives * Popular music * Contemporary music.fusiongenres * Electric folk * Folk metal * Folk rock * Neofolk * Anti-folk.Folk music.Folk music includes both traditional music and the genre that evolved from it during the 20th century folk revival. The term originated in the 19th century but is often applied to music that is older than that. Some types of folk music are also called world music. Traditional folk music has been defined in several ways: as music transmitted orally, or as music with unknown composers. It has been contrasted with commercial and classical styles. One meaning often given is that of old songs with no known composers; another is music that has been transmitted and evolved by a process of oral transmission or performed by custom over a long period of time. Starting in the mid-20th century a new form of popular folk music evolved from traditional folk music. This process and period is called the (second) folk revival and reached a zenith in the 1960s. This form of music is sometimes called contemporary folk music or folk revival music to distinguish it from earlier folk forms. Smaller similar revivals have occurred elsewhere in the world at other times, but the term folk music has typically not been applied to the new music created during those revivals. This type of folk music also includes fusion genres such as folk rock, folk metal, electric folk, and others. While contemporary folk music is a genre generally distinct from traditional folk music, in English it shares the same name, and it often shares the same performers and venues as traditional folk music. Even individual songs may be a blend of the two..comment Folk music includes both traditional music and the genre that evolved from it during the 20th century folk revival. The term originated in the 19th century but is often applied to music that is older than that. Some types of folk music are also called world music..
===41	food chain	7
1/7	==DB== Food Chain.released 2014-11-04.lastAlbum Enjoy the Process.recorded Babylon Studios, Van Nuys, California.Food Chain (EP).In contrast to Danielsen's previous solo album Enjoy the Process, which featured only the singer along with his acoustic guitar, Food Chain featured a full band. In October 2014, prior to the release of the EP, the singer released "Rescue Me", the second song from the album via Revolver Magazine. The singer stated that he selected the tune, because "it’s a very powerful song that a lot of people can relate to in this day and age", going on to say that "We live in an overly medicated society, and we all have people close to us being affected"..comment In contrast to Danielsen's previous solo album Enjoy the Process, which featured only the singer along with his acoustic guitar, Food Chain featured a full band. In October 2014, prior to the release of the EP, the singer released "Rescue Me", the second song from the album via Revolver Magazine. The singer stated that he selected the tune, because "it’s a very powerful song that a lot of people can relate to in this day and age", going on to say that "We live in an overly medicated society, and we all have people close to us being affected"..
2/7	==DB== The Food Chain.The Food Chain is a London, United Kingdom-based charity who provide nutritional support services for people living with HIV in London. Formed on Christmas Day 1988, its stated aim is "to ensure people living with HIV in London can access the nutrition they need to get well, stay well and lead healthy, independent lives.". Using a large network of volunteers The Food Chain deliver meals and groceries, offers cookery and nutrition classes and communal eating opportunities to people living with HIV in London and their dependents. These are largely delivered from the Acorn House kitchen near King's Cross. In 2005, The Food Chain won the Queen's Award for Volunteer Organisation of the Year. The Food Chain also won The Guardian Charity of the Year award in 2005, and the National Lottery 'Inspiration' award in 2006..comment The Food Chain is a London, United Kingdom-based charity who provide nutritional support services for people living with HIV in London. Formed on Christmas Day 1988, its stated aim is "to ensure people living with HIV in London can access the nutrition they need to get well, stay well and lead healthy, independent lives.". In 2005, The Food Chain won the Queen's Award for Volunteer Organisation of the Year. The Food Chain also won The Guardian Charity of the Year award in 2005, and the National Lottery 'Inspiration' award in 2006..
3/7	==DB== Food chain.A food chain is a linear network of links in a food web starting from producer organisms (such as grass or trees which use radiation from the sun to make their food) and ending at apex predator species (like grizzly bears or killer whales), detritivores (like earthworms or woodlice), or decomposer species (such as fungi or bacteria). A food chain also shows how the organisms are related with each other by the food they eat. Each level of a food chain represents a different trophic level. A food chain differs from a food web, because the complex network of different animals' feeding relations are aggregated and the chain only follows a direct, linear pathway of one animal at a time. A common metric used to quantify food web trophic structure is food chain length. In its simplest form, the length of a chain is the number of links between a trophic consumer and the base of the web and the mean chain length of an entire web is the arithmetic average of the lengths of all chains in a food web. Food chains were first introduced by the African-Arab scientist and philosopher Al-Jahiz in the 9th century and later popularized in a book published in 1927 by Charles Elton, which also introduced the food web concept..comment A food chain is a linear network of links in a food web starting from producer organisms (such as grass or trees which use radiation from the sun to make their food) and ending at apex predator species (like grizzly bears or killer whales), detritivores (like earthworms or woodlice), or decomposer species (such as fungi or bacteria). A food chain also shows how the organisms are related with each other by the food they eat. Each level of a food chain represents a different trophic level. A food chain differs from a food web, because the complex network of different animals' feeding relations are aggregated and the chain only follows a direct, linear pathway of one animal at a time. A common metric used to quantify food web trophic structure is food chain length. In its simplest form, the l.
4/7	==SS== The feeding relationships between species in a biotic community.
5/7	==DB== Food Chain (Buffy comic).Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Food Chain is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Buffy the Vampire Slayer television series. 'Food Chain was the largest Buffy graphic novel to come out before the Buffy: Omnibus volumes..comment Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Food Chain is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Buffy the Vampire Slayer television series. 'Food Chain was the largest Buffy graphic novel to come out before the Buffy: Omnibus volumes..
6/7	==DB== Food Chains.
7/7	==DB== writer Masaaki Yuasa.title Food Chain.season 6.airdate 2014-06-12.episode 7.Food Chain (Adventure Time)."Food Chain" is the seventh episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time. The episode was written, storyboarded, and directed by Japanese anime director Masaaki Yuasa. The episodes guest stars Regular Show storyboard artist Minty Lewis as Erin the caterpillar. The series follows the adventures of Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada), a human boy, and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio), a dog with magical powers to change shape and grow and shrink at will. In this episode, Finn and Jake learn about the food chain after being turned into its different parts—small birds, big birds, bacteria, plants, and finally caterpillars—by Magic Man (voiced by Tom Kenny). As Finn and Jake journey along the food chain, they meet another character named Erin, whom Finn falls in love with and attempts to marry. The episode concludes with all the main characters singing a song about how the food chain works. The episode was the second (following David OReilly's fifth season installment "A Glitch is a Glitch") in the series to have been directed by someone not affiliated with the series. On the night that it aired, "Food Chain" was watched by a total of 1.97 million viewers. The episode received largely positive reviews from critics, and was nominated for both an Annie Award and an Annecy International Animated Film Festival Award..comment "Food Chain" is the seventh episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time. The episode was written, storyboarded, and directed by Japanese anime director Masaaki Yuasa. The episodes guest stars Regular Show storyboard artist Minty Lewis as Erin the caterpillar..
===42	freshman year	5
1/5	==DB== Freshman Year (web series).Freshman Year was a 23-episode documentary web series shown on CNN.com chronicling the first year in office of two legislators in Congress, Jared Polis (D-CO) and Jason Chaffetz (R-UT)..comment Freshman Year was a 23-episode documentary web series shown on CNN.com chronicling the first year in office of two legislators in Congress, Jared Polis (D-CO) and Jason Chaffetz (R-UT)..
2/5	==DB== Freshman Year.runtime 3900.0.Freshman Year (film).Freshman Year is a 1938 film, notable as the uncredited film debut of actor Arthur O'Connell..comment Freshman Year is a 1938 film, notable as the uncredited film debut of actor Arthur O'Connell..
3/5	==DB== Freshman Year.artist Hop Along, Queen Ansleis.nextAlbum Get Disowned.Freshman Year (album).Freshman Year is the first full-length album by Hop Along, under the name of Hop Along, Queen Ansleis, released in 2005..comment Freshman Year is the first full-length album by Hop Along, under the name of Hop Along, Queen Ansleis, released in 2005..
4/5	==DB== Student.A student or pupil is a learner, or someone who attends an educational institution. In Britain until about 2012, underage schoolchildren were always referred to as "pupils", while those attending university are termed "students". In the USA, and more recently also in Britain, the term "student" is applied to both categories, no doubt due to US influence. In its widest use, student is used for anyone who is learning, including mid-career adults who are taking vocational education or returning to university, or.comment A student or pupil is a learner, or someone who attends an educational institution. In Britain until about 2012, underage schoolchildren were always referred to as "pupils", while those attending university are termed "students". In the USA, and more recently also in Britain, the term "student" is applied to both categories, no doubt due to US influence. In its widest use, student is used for anyone who is learning, including mid-career adults who are taking vocational education or returning to university, or.
5/5	==DB== Freshman year.
===43	front line	17
1/17	==DB== nativeName Πρώτη Γραμμή.foundation 1999.dissolved 2000.Front Line (political party).Front Line (Greek: Πρώτη Γραμμή, Proti Grammi) was a Greek nationalist party, formed in 1999. The party was headed by lawyer, historian, and nationalist thinker Konstantinos Plevris. Front Line participated in the 1999 European Parliament elections (sharing a slate with the nationalist Golden Dawn party), obtaining 48,532 votes or 0.75 percent of the vote. In the Greek general election of 2000, it took 12,125 votes, or 0.18 percent of the poll. Apart from Plevris, electoral candidates for the party have included: (in 1999) Panayiota Adonopoulou (Παναγιώτα Αντωνοπούλου), Nikolaos Michaloliakos (Νικόλαος Μιχαλολιάκος), and Michail Arvanitis-Avramis (Μιχαήλ Αρβανίτης-Αβράμης). The party is dissolved . Many of its former members have joined the Popular Orthodox Rally, and others participated in the foundation of Patriotic Alliance..comment Front Line (Greek: Πρώτη Γραμμή, Proti Grammi) was a Greek nationalist party, formed in 1999. The party was headed by lawyer, historian, and nationalist thinker Konstantinos Plevris. Front Line participated in the 1999 European Parliament elections (sharing a slate with the nationalist Golden Dawn party), obtaining 48,532 votes or 0.75 percent of the vote. In the Greek general election of 2000, it took 12,125 votes, or 0.18 percent of the poll..
2/17	==DB== The Front Line.writer Renato De Maria.The Front Line (2009 film).The Front Line (Italian: La prima linea) is a 2009 Italian crime-drama film written and directed by Renato De Maria. It is based on the memoirs of the Prima Linea terrorist Sergio Segio..comment The Front Line (Italian: La prima linea) is a 2009 Italian crime-drama film written and directed by Renato De Maria. It is based on the memoirs of the Prima Linea terrorist Sergio Segio..
3/17	==DB== runtime 1800.0.showName The Front Line.numEpisodes 6.firstAired 1984-12-06.lastAired 1985-01-17.The Front Line (TV series).The Front Line was a 1984/1985 BBC sitcom about two half-brothers of West Indian descent who shared a house, one brother a policeman and one a dreadlocked Rastafarian. The series starred Paul Barber as the elder, policeman brother Malcolm, and Alan Igbon as the younger brother Sheldon. It was written by Alex Shearer, filmed in Bristol and Cardiff, and transmitted between 6 December 1984 and 17 January 1985. A pilot for the series, On The Frontline, was broadcast in the 1970s. The theme tune to the series was written and performed by Black Roots, and the opening credits of the show featured the band performing the song..comment The Front Line was a 1984/1985 BBC sitcom about two half-brothers of West Indian descent who shared a house, one brother a policeman and one a dreadlocked Rastafarian. The series starred Paul Barber as the elder, policeman brother Malcolm, and Alan Igbon as the younger brother Sheldon. It was written by Alex Shearer, filmed in Bristol and Cardiff, and transmitted between 6 December 1984 and 17 January 1985. A pilot for the series, On The Frontline, was broadcast in the 1970s..
4/17	==DB== Front Line (CRI).Front Line is a weekly English radio program produced by China Radio International discussing about life in modern China. The flavor of the program is much like NPR's Morning Edition and All Things Considered. The program combines news, analysis, commentary, interviews, and special features, but from a Chinese perspective. The program airs on Round the Clock and is available on the podcasts through the World Radio Network on the Monday edition in the United States, Tuesday edition in Beijing. The host of Front Line is Wu Jia..comment Front Line is a weekly English radio program produced by China Radio International discussing about life in modern China. The flavor of the program is much like NPR's Morning Edition and All Things Considered. The program combines news, analysis, commentary, interviews, and special features, but from a Chinese perspective. The program airs on Round the Clock and is available on the podcasts through the World Radio Network on the Monday edition in the United States, Tuesday edition in Beijing. The host of Front Line is Wu Jia..
5/17	==DB== The Front Line (2006 film).The Front Line is a 2006 Irish crime drama film directed by David Gleeson. The plot revolves around a Congolese immigrant working in a bank in Dublin city whose family is kidnapped by a gang of criminals who force him to be the inside man on their robbery of the bank..comment The Front Line is a 2006 Irish crime drama film directed by David Gleeson. The plot revolves around a Congolese immigrant working in a bank in Dublin city whose family is kidnapped by a gang of criminals who force him to be the inside man on their robbery of the bank..
6/17	==DB== Front Line (record label).Front Line was a reggae subsidiary of Virgin Records established in 1978. Over forty albums were issued on the label before it folded in 1979..comment Front Line was a reggae subsidiary of Virgin Records established in 1978. Over forty albums were issued on the label before it folded in 1979..
7/17	==DB== genre Run and gun.publisher Taito.title Front Line.released --08-01.Front Line (video game).Front Line (フロントライン Furonto Rain) is a military-themed run & gun shooter game released by Taito for arcades in 1982. It was one of the first video games to feature a ground combat theme and grenades. Military-oriented video games of the early 1980s usually involved vehicular combat, such as tanks, but did not include infantry. The original arcade version of Front Line consists of a joystick, a single button, and a rotary dial that can be pushed in like a button. The single button is used to throw grenades and to enter and exit tanks, while the rotary dial controls and fires the player's gun. 1985's Ikari Warriors follows the conventions established by Front Line, including the vertically scrolling levels, entering/exiting tanks, and not dying when an occupied tank is destroyed..comment Front Line (フロントライン Furonto Rain) is a military-themed run & gun shooter game released by Taito for arcades in 1982. It was one of the first video games to feature a ground combat theme and grenades. Military-oriented video games of the early 1980s usually involved vehicular combat, such as tanks, but did not include infantry. The original arcade version of Front Line consists of a joystick, a single button, and a rotary dial that can be pushed in like a button. The single button is used to throw grenades and to enter and exit tanks, while the rotary dial controls and fires the player's gun..
8/17	==DB== Front Line Defenders.location Global.location General secretariat at Blackrock, County Dublin, Ireland.Front Line Defenders.Front Line Defenders or The International Foundation for the Protection of Human Rights Defenders is an Irish-based human rights organisation founded in Dublin, Ireland in 2001 to protect human rights defenders at risk, i.e. those who work non-violently to uphold the human rights of others as outlined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The organisation was founded by Mary Lawlor, former director of the Irish Section of Amnesty International with a US $3 million donation from businessman and philanthropist Denis O'Brien. Front Line Defenders has Special Consultative Status with the Social and Economic Council of the United Nations, and has Observer Status with the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights. In 2006 Front Line Defenders established a European Union office in Brussels. Front Line Defenders received the King Baudouin International Development Prize in 2007. On 3 July 2014 Mary Lawlor was presented with the Order of Chevalier of the Legion of Honour by French Ambassador to Ireland, Mr Jean-Pierre Thebault, on behalf of the French government..comment Front Line Defenders or The International Foundation for the Protection of Human Rights Defenders is an Irish-based human rights organisation founded in Dublin, Ireland in 2001 to protect human rights defenders at risk, i.e. those who work non-violently to uphold the human rights of others as outlined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights..
9/17	==DB== Front line.A front line (alternative forms: front-line or frontline) in military terminology is the position(s) closest to the area of conflict of an armed force's personnel and equipment, generally referring to maritime or land forces. When a front (an intentional or unintentional boundary) between opposing sides form, the front line is the area where the armies are engaged in conflict, especially the line of contact between the opposing forces. In a military conflict, then, when facing the front line, you face the enemy. All branches of the U.S. armed services use the related technical terms, Forward Line of Own Troops (FLOT) and Forward Edge of Battle Area (FEBA). These terms are used as battlespace control measures that designate the forward-most friendly maritime or land forces on the battlefield at a given point in time during an armed conflict. FLOT/FEBA may include covering and screening forces. The Forward Line of Enemy Troops (FLET) is the FEBA from the enemy's perspective..comment A front line (alternative forms: front-line or frontline) in military terminology is the position(s) closest to the area of conflict of an armed force's personnel and equipment, generally referring to maritime or land forces. When a front (an intentional or unintentional boundary) between opposing sides form, the front line is the area where the armies are engaged in conflict, especially the line of contact between the opposing forces. In a military conflict, then, when facing the front line, you face the enemy..
10/17	==DB== The TNA Front Line.The TNA Front Line (also spelled Frontline and commonly referred to as The Front Line) was a heroic alliance in the professional wrestling promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). They were also known as The TNA Originals. They feuded with The Main Event Mafia..comment The TNA Front Line (also spelled Frontline and commonly referred to as The Front Line) was a heroic alliance in the professional wrestling promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). They were also known as The TNA Originals. They feuded with The Main Event Mafia..
11/17	==DB== The Front Line.runtime 7980.0.editing Kim Jae-bum.The Front Line (2011 film).The Front Line (Hangul: 고지전; RR: Gojijeon; MR: Kojijŏn; also known as Battle of Highlands) is a 2011 South Korean war film directed by Jang Hoon, set during the 1953 ceasefire of the Korean War. This is the third film by director Jang Hoon, after completing Secret Reunion and Rough Cut. It was selected as South Korea's submission to the 84th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not make the final shortlist. It also won four Grand Bell Awards, including Best Film..comment The Front Line (Hangul: 고지전; RR: Gojijeon; MR: Kojijŏn; also known as Battle of Highlands) is a 2011 South Korean war film directed by Jang Hoon, set during the 1953 ceasefire of the Korean War. This is the third film by director Jang Hoon, after completing Secret Reunion and Rough Cut. It was selected as South Korea's submission to the 84th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not make the final shortlist. It also won four Grand Bell Awards, including Best Film..
12/17	==DB== Front Line.producer David Bradbury.runtime 3900.0.Front Line (film).Front Line is a 1981 Australian documentary film directed by David Bradbury. It follows the career of Tasmanian-born combat cameraman Neil Davis, particularly his time in South Vietnam and Cambodia in the late 1960s and early 1970s. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature..comment Front Line is a 1981 Australian documentary film directed by David Bradbury. It follows the career of Tasmanian-born combat cameraman Neil Davis, particularly his time in South Vietnam and Cambodia in the late 1960s and early 1970s. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature..
13/17	==DB== Front Line.producer Stevie Wonder.writer Stevie Wonder.length 354.0.bSide "Front Line ".lastSingle "Do I Do".nextSingle "I Just Called To Say I Love You".Front Line (Stevie Wonder song)."Front Line" is a 1983 song by Stevie Wonder, off his greatest hits compilation Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I. The song is sung from the perspective of a Vietnam War veteran. The song begins with a funky, distorted guitar riff which continues throughout the song. The protagonist tells the story of how he volunteered to go to Vietnam in 1964 at age sixteen, despite being raised to never kill anyone. After losing his leg, he is sent home with a Purple Heart. Now speaking about the present, he talks of how his niece is a prostitute, and his nephew is a drug addict, both of whom insist he has no right to tell them they are wrong in their ways. He reads in the newspaper that another war is on its way, and he remembers the 'many happy families that have been ruined.'.comment "Front Line" is a 1983 song by Stevie Wonder, off his greatest hits compilation Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I. The song is sung from the perspective of a Vietnam War veteran. The song begins with a funky, distorted guitar riff which continues throughout the song. The protagonist tells the story of how he volunteered to go to Vietnam in 1964 at age sixteen, despite being raised to never kill anyone. After losing his leg, he is sent home with a Purple Heart. Now speaking about the present, he talks of how his niece is a prostitute, and his nephew is a drug addict, both of whom insist he has no right to tell them they are wrong in their ways. He reads in the newspaper that another war is on its way, and he remembers the 'many happy families that have been ruined.'.
14/17	==DB== title Civil War: Front Line.Civil War: Front Line.Civil War: Front Line is an 11-issue, limited series tie-in to Marvel Comics's Civil War event which started in August 2006. Part of the story is told from the perspective of two reporters embedded in the opposite camps of the war. Ben Urich follows the stories on Iron Man's side with the pro-registration heroes, while Sally Floyd investigates the anti-registration faction headed by Captain America. Writer Paul Jenkins was given carte blanche to have the stories reflect the current political landscape in the United States. The other half of the series is told from the perspective of Speedball of the New Warriors. It shows Speedball's struggles with survivor guilt, imprisonment, and relations to the victims of the Stamford disaster..comment Civil War: Front Line is an 11-issue, limited series tie-in to Marvel Comics's Civil War event which started in August 2006. Part of the story is told from the perspective of two reporters embedded in the opposite camps of the war. Ben Urich follows the stories on Iron Man's side with the pro-registration heroes, while Sally Floyd investigates the anti-registration faction headed by Captain America. Writer Paul Jenkins was given carte blanche to have the stories reflect the current political landscape in the United States..
15/17	==SS== A front, or a boundary between opposing positions.
16/17	==DB== Operation Front Line.Operation Front Line is an initiative of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), a division of the Department of Homeland Security, that operated in the months leading up to the 2004 presidential election and through the 2005 Presidential Inauguration..comment Operation Front Line is an initiative of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), a division of the Department of Homeland Security, that operated in the months leading up to the 2004 presidential election and through the 2005 Presidential Inauguration..
17/17	==DB== Front Lines.pages 480.isbn 978.releaseDate 2016-01-28.Front Lines (novel).Front Lines is a young adult historical novel by the American writer Michael Grant, who is most famous for his dystopian young adult fictional series The Gone Series. It is written from the viewpoint of three girls, Rio Richlin, Frangie Marr, and Rainy Schulterman. The series was originally titled Soldier Girls..comment Front Lines is a young adult historical novel by the American writer Michael Grant, who is most famous for his dystopian young adult fictional series The Gone Series. It is written from the viewpoint of three girls, Rio Richlin, Frangie Marr, and Rainy Schulterman. The series was originally titled Soldier Girls..
===44	gas industry	2
1/2	==DB== Petroleum industry.The petroleum industry includes the global processes of exploration, extraction, refining, transporting (often by oil tankers and pipelines), and marketing petroleum products. The largest volume products of the industry are fuel oil and gasoline (petrol). Petroleum (oil) is also the raw material for many chemical products, including pharmaceuticals, solvents, fertilizers, pesticides, and plastics. The industry is usually divided into three major components: upstream, midstream and downstream. Midstream operations are usually included in the downstream category. Petroleum is vital to many industries, and is of importance to the maintenance of industrial civilization in its current configuration, and thus is a critical concern for many nations. Oil accounts for a large percentage of the world’s energy consumption, ranging from a low of 32% for Europe and Asia, to a high of 53% for the Middle East. Other geographic regions' consumption patterns are as follows: South and Central America (44%), Africa (41%), and North America (40%). The world consumes 30 billion barrels (4.8 km³) of oil per year, with developed nations being the largest consumers. The United States consumed 25% of the oil produced in 2007. The production, distribution, refining, and retailing of petroleum taken as a whole represents the world's largest industry in terms of dollar value. Governments such as the United States government provide a heavy public subsidy to petroleum companies, with major tax breaks at virtually every stage of oil exploration and extraction, including the costs of oil field leases and drilling equipment..comment The petroleum industry includes the global processes of exploration, extraction, refining, transporting (often by oil tankers and pipelines), and marketing petroleum products. The largest volume products of the industry are fuel oil and gasoline (petrol). Petroleum (oil) is also the raw material for many chemical products, including pharmaceuticals, solvents, fertilizers, pesticides, and plastics. The industry is usually divided into three major components: upstream, midstream and downstream. Midstream operations are usually included in the downstream category..
2/2	==DB== Natural gas.Natural gas is a naturally occurring hydrocarbon gas mixture consisting primarily of methane, but commonly including varying amounts of other higher alkanes, and sometimes a small percentage of carbon dioxide, nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide, or helium. It is formed when layers of decomposing plant and animal matter are exposed to intense heat and pressure supplied by existing under the surface of the Earth over millions of years. The energy that the plants originally obtained from the sun is stored in the form of chemical bonds in the gas. Natural gas is a fossil fuel used as a source of energy for heating, cooking, and electricity generation. It is also used as fuel for vehicles and as a chemical feedstock in the manufacture of plastics and other commercially important organic chemicals. It is a non-renewable resource. Natural gas is found in deep underground rock formations or associated with other hydrocarbon reservoirs in coal beds and as methane clathrates. Petroleum is another resource and fossil fuel found in close proximity to and with natural gas. Most natural gas was created over time by two mechanisms: biogenic and thermogenic. Biogenic gas is created by methanogenic organisms in marshes, bogs, landfills, and shallow sediments. Deeper in the earth, at greater temperature and pressure, thermogenic gas is created from buried organic material. When gas is associated with petroleum production it may be considered a byproduct and be burnt as flare gas. The World Bank estimates that over 150 cubic kilometers of natural gas are flared or vented annually. Before natural gas can be used as a fuel, it must be processed to remove impurities, including water, to meet the specifications of marketable natural gas. The by-products of this processing include: ethane, propane, butanes, pentanes, and higher molecular weight hydrocarbons, hydrogen sulfide (which may be converted into pure sulfur), carbon dioxide, water vapor, and sometimes helium and nitrogen. Natural gas is often informally referred to simply as "gas", especially when compared to other energy sources such as oil or coal. However, it is not to be confused with gasoline, especially in North America, where the term gasoline is often shortened in colloquial usage to gas. Natural gas was used by the Chinese in about 500 BCE (possibly even 1000 BCE). They discovered a way to transport gas seeping from the ground in crude pipelines of bamboo to where it was used to boil salt water to extract the salt, in the Ziliujing District of Sichuan. The world's first industrial extraction of natural gas started at Fredonia, New York, United States in 1825. By 2009, 66 000 km³ (or 8%) had been used out of the total 850 000 km³ of estimated remaining recoverable reserves of natural gas. Based on an estimated 2015 world consumption rate of about 3400 km³ of gas per year, the total estimated remaining economically recoverable reserves of natural gas would last 250 years at current consumption rates. An annual increase in usage of 2–3% could result in currently recoverable reserves lasting significantly less, perhaps as few as 80 to 100 years..comment Natural gas is a naturally occurring hydrocarbon gas mixture consisting primarily of methane, but commonly including varying amounts of other higher alkanes, and sometimes a small percentage of carbon dioxide, nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide, or helium. It is formed when layers of decomposing plant and animal matter are exposed to intense heat and pressure supplied by existing under the surface of the Earth over millions of years. The energy that the plants originally obtained from the sun is stored in the form of chemical bonds in the gas..
===45	ghost town	20
1/20	==DB== Ghost Town, Oakland, California.Ghost Town (sometimes spelled Ghosttown) is the informal name of the Foster Hoover Historic District neighborhood in West Oakland, Oakland, California. The community is known for its violence and blight . Some people believe the name originates from a drug king pin who referred to the area as a ghost town due to the shortage of other drug dealers whose absence was attributed to the king pin's dominance over the area. Others believe it derives from the two former casket companies located side by side on Filbert Street between 30th and 32nd Streets, while others claim that the presence of ghostly white people in an historically black neighborhood gave it its name. Ghost Town stretches from 27th Street to 35th Street in the area immediately southwest of the MacArthur Maze. Others see the neighborhood bounded by Adeline on the West and San Pablo on the East. Ghost Town Farms, one of the more successful expressions of urban agriculture activity in Oakland is located in the heart of the district at 2727 Martin Luther King Jr. Way, between 27th and 28th Streets. The area is also one of Oakland's many open-air art galleries, with exceptional muralist work continually on exhibition, particularly along Martin Luther King Jr. Way. This neighborhood has an active citizen crime patrol, including one group of seniors who walk the neighborhood weekly to get physical exercise and report blight. Jerry Brown, governor of California and former Mayor of Oakland stated: "Instead of an omnibus crime bill, you have to deal with shootings in Ghost Town in West Oakland and sideshows in East Oakland." Brown made attempts to turn around the blighted West Oakland neighborhood after 60 Minutes featured it in a television profile. Housing prices have increased. So has drug dealing, especially since nearby parks were closed by the City of Oakland. Prostitution, in 2015, has been on the decline for at least a decade. The term "ghost riding" has been attributed to this Oakland neighborhood. According to the Contra Costa Times and The Washington Post, local rapper Mistah F.A.B. popularized the term with his song "Ghost Ride It" and speculated that its origins are in Ghost Town..comment Ghost Town (sometimes spelled Ghosttown) is the informal name of the Foster Hoover Historic District neighborhood in West Oakland, Oakland, California. The community is known for its violence and blight . Some people believe the name originates from a drug king pin who referred to the area as a ghost town due to the shortage of other drug dealers whose absence was attributed to the king pin's dominance over the area. Others believe it derives from the two former casket companies located side by side on Filbert Street between 30th and 32nd Streets, while others claim that the presence of ghostly white people in an historically black neighborhood gave it its name. Ghost Town stretches from 27th Street to 35th Street in the area immediately southwest of the MacArthur Maze. Others see the neig.
2/20	==DB== Ghost Town.writer David Koepp.writer John Kamps.runtime 6120.0.budget 2.0E7.gross 2.71E7.Ghost Town (2008 film).Ghost Town is a 2008 American fantasy comedy film directed by David Koepp, who also co-wrote the screenplay with John Kamps. It stars English comedian Ricky Gervais in his first leading feature-film role, as a dentist who can see and talk with ghosts, along with Téa Leoni as a young widow and Greg Kinnear as her recently deceased husband. Gavin Palone produced the film for Spyglass Entertainment and Pariah and distributed by DreamWorks Pictures..comment Ghost Town is a 2008 American fantasy comedy film directed by David Koepp, who also co-wrote the screenplay with John Kamps. It stars English comedian Ricky Gervais in his first leading feature-film role, as a dentist who can see and talk with ghosts, along with Téa Leoni as a young widow and Greg Kinnear as her recently deceased husband. Gavin Palone produced the film for Spyglass Entertainment and Pariah and distributed by DreamWorks Pictures..
3/20	==DB== Ghost Town in the Sky.
4/20	==DB== Ghost Town (song from Nashville).
5/20	==DB== Ghost Town (Cary Brothers song).
6/20	==DB== Ghost Town.producer Duane Steele.length 2086.0.released 2006-07-04.lastAlbum Set List.nextAlbum Gas and Time.Ghost Town (Duane Steele album).Ghost Town is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Icon Records on July 4, 2006. Singles released from the album include "Comin' Back Around," the title track, "What D'Ya Say," "Blue Collar Man," "Real Close," "Two People in a Room" and "Bustin' Out.".comment Ghost Town is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Icon Records on July 4, 2006. Singles released from the album include "Comin' Back Around," the title track, "What D'Ya Say," "Blue Collar Man," "Real Close," "Two People in a Room" and "Bustin' Out.".
7/20	==DB== Ghost Town.2.length 220.0.released 1981-06-12.recorded --04-09.format 12.0.bSide "Why?".bSide "Friday Night, Saturday Morning".Ghost Town (The Specials song)."Ghost Town" is a song by the British 2 Tone band The Specials, released on 12 June 1981. The song spent three weeks at number one and 10 weeks in total in the top 40 of the UK Singles Chart. Addressing themes of urban decay, deindustrialisation, unemployment and violence in inner cities, the song is remembered for being a hit at the same time as riots were occurring in British cities. Internal tensions within the band were also coming to a head when the single was being recorded, resulting in the song being the last single recorded by the original seven members of the group before splitting up. However, the song was hailed by the contemporary UK music press as a major piece of popular social commentary, and all three of the major UK music magazines of the time awarded "Ghost Town" the accolade of "Single of the Year" for 1981..comment "Ghost Town" is a song by the British 2 Tone band The Specials, released on 12 June 1981. The song spent three weeks at number one and 10 weeks in total in the top 40 of the UK Singles Chart. Addressing themes of urban decay, deindustrialisation, unemployment and violence in inner cities, the song is remembered for being a hit at the same time as riots were occurring in British cities. Internal tensions within the band were also coming to a head when the single was being recorded, resulting in the song being the last single recorded by the original seven members of the group before splitting up. However, the song was hailed by the contemporary UK music press as a major piece of popular social commentary, and all three of the major UK music magazines of the time awarded "Ghost Town" the acc.
8/20	==DB== Ghost Town.producer Poco, John H.R. Mills.length 2145.0.released 1982-09-20.lastAlbum Cowboys & Englishmen.nextAlbum Inamorata.Ghost Town (Poco album).Ghost Town is the 17th album by the country rock band Poco, released September 20, 1982. The Atlantic Records label debut of Poco, Ghost Town was the final album by Poco to feature the group lineup who had played on Poco's 1978 breakout album Legend, as the 1984 Poco album release Inamorata would not feature Charlie Harrison. After the gold certified success of the 1978 ABC Records album release Legend, Poco's three subsequent album releases on MCA Records - who had absorbed ABC - failed to reach that level of success. Ghost Town marked Poco's move to Atlantic Records with no resultant comeback peaking at #195 on the album chart in Billboard magazine, well below the peak of the group's final MCA album Cowboys & Englishmen which had been released in February 1982 to reach a chart peak of #131. The first single from Ghost Town was the title cut which failed to reach the Billboard Hot 100, "bubbling under" with a peak of #108, and the second single "Shoot the Moon" while more successful fell short of the Top 40 with a Hot 100 peak of #50 in March 1983. A third single release: "Break of Hearts" - cited as one of his favorite overlooked compositions by Paul Cotton who's described the song as a followup to Poco's 1979 Top 20 hit "Heart of the Night" - failed to chart. Cotton has stated that Poco had problems with Atlantic Records: Poco would record one more album for Atlantic: Inamorata released in April 1984, then take a hiatus from recording until 1989 when the RCA Records release Legacy became Poco's second gold certified album..comment Ghost Town is the 17th album by the country rock band Poco, released September 20, 1982. The Atlantic Records label debut of Poco, Ghost Town was the final album by Poco to feature the group lineup who had played on Poco's 1978 breakout album Legend, as the 1984 Poco album release Inamorata would not feature Charlie Harrison..
9/20	==DB== Ghost Town.runtime 4620.0.starring *.starring * Marian Carr * Serena Sande *.budget 100000.0.Ghost Town (1956 film).Ghost Town is a 1956 American Western film directed by Allen H. Miner and written by Jameson Brewer. The film stars Kent Taylor, John Smith, Marian Carr, Serena Sande and John Doucette. The film was released in March 1956 by United Artists..comment Ghost Town is a 1956 American Western film directed by Allen H. Miner and written by Jameson Brewer. The film stars Kent Taylor, John Smith, Marian Carr, Serena Sande and John Doucette. The film was released in March 1956 by United Artists..
10/20	==DB== Ghost town.A ghost town is an abandoned village, town, or city, usually one that contains substantial visible remains. A town often becomes a ghost town because the economic activity that supported it has failed, or due to natural or human-caused disasters such as floods, government actions, uncontrolled lawlessness, war, or nuclear disasters. The term can sometimes refer to cities, towns, and neighborhoods that are still populated, but significantly less so than in years past; for example those affected by high levels of unemployment and dereliction. Some ghost towns, especially those that preserve period-specific architecture, have become tourist attractions. Some examples are Bannack, Montana; Calico, California; Centralia, Pennsylvania; Oatman, Arizona; and South Pass City, Wyoming in the United States; Barkerville, British Columbia in Canada; Craco in Italy; Elizabeth Bay and Kolmanskop in Namibia; Pripyat in Ukraine; and Danushkodi in India. Visiting, writing about, and photographing ghost towns is a minor industry. The town of Plymouth on the Caribbean island of Montserrat is a ghost town that is the de jure capital of Montserrat..comment A ghost town is an abandoned village, town, or city, usually one that contains substantial visible remains. A town often becomes a ghost town because the economic activity that supported it has failed, or due to natural or human-caused disasters such as floods, government actions, uncontrolled lawlessness, war, or nuclear disasters. The term can sometimes refer to cities, towns, and neighborhoods that are still populated, but significantly less so than in years past; for example those affected by high levels of unemployment and dereliction..
11/20	==DB== Ghost Town.length 2437.0.released 2011-11-08.Ghost Town (Owen album).Ghost Town is the sixth full-length album by Chicago musician Mike Kinsella under the moniker Owen. It was released on November 8, 2011 to mostly positive reviews..comment Ghost Town is the sixth full-length album by Chicago musician Mike Kinsella under the moniker Owen. It was released on November 8, 2011 to mostly positive reviews..
12/20	==DB== runtime 3600.0.showName Derek Acorah's Ghost Towns.numEpisodes 24.pictureFormat 16.firstAired 2005-11-07.lastAired 2006-11-28.numSeries 3.Derek Acorah's Ghost Towns.Derek Acorah's Ghost Towns was a paranormal reality television series which featured noted Medium Derek Acorah as he visited towns in the UK to investigate hauntings. The team would travel in the "Ghost Town Van" and would allow townsfolk to tell the team about their encounters with hauntings in their home town. During the investigation, Derek would visit a random house and give the owner a psychic reading this was "Doorstep Divination." The show aired from 7 November 2005 until 28 November 2006..comment Derek Acorah's Ghost Towns was a paranormal reality television series which featured noted Medium Derek Acorah as he visited towns in the UK to investigate hauntings. The team would travel in the "Ghost Town Van" and would allow townsfolk to tell the team about their encounters with hauntings in their home town. During the investigation, Derek would visit a random house and give the owner a psychic reading this was "Doorstep Divination." The show aired from 7 November 2005 until 28 November 2006..
13/20	==DB== Ghost Town.length 242.0.format 7".bSide "Wrong Side of Love".lastSingle "Don't Be Cruel".nextSingle "Let Go".Ghost Town (Cheap Trick song)."Ghost Town" is a single by American rock band Cheap Trick, released as the third single from their 1988 album Lap of Luxury. The song was written by American songwriter Diane Warren and Rick Nielsen. The single was released as a 7" vinyl only. The b-side "Wrong Side of Love" was featured on the same album, written by Rick Nielsen and American songwriter/musician Todd Cerney. Both tracks were produced by Richie Zito who would also produce the band's following 1990 album "Busted". The single's cover followed a similar theme to the cover for the previous single "Don't Be Cruel". An American promotional 7" vinyl was also released at the time, with the b-side "Wrong Side of Love" as the a-side and "Ghost Town" as the b-side..comment "Ghost Town" is a single by American rock band Cheap Trick, released as the third single from their 1988 album Lap of Luxury. The song was written by American songwriter Diane Warren and Rick Nielsen. The single was released as a 7" vinyl only. The b-side "Wrong Side of Love" was featured on the same album, written by Rick Nielsen and American songwriter/musician Todd Cerney. Both tracks were produced by Richie Zito who would also produce the band's following 1990 album "Busted". The single's cover followed a similar theme to the cover for the previous single "Don't Be Cruel"..
14/20	==DB== Ghost Town.runtime 5100.0.gross 75000.0.Ghost Town (1988 film).Ghost Town is a 1988 American horror film directed by Australian director Richard McCarthy and starring Franc Luz and Catherine Hickland. The plot follows a police officer who is dispatched to a remote ghost town to find a missing woman, and finds the town to be full of residents linked to its dark past. The script was written by Duke Sandefur, based on a story by David Schmoeller..comment Ghost Town is a 1988 American horror film directed by Australian director Richard McCarthy and starring Franc Luz and Catherine Hickland. The plot follows a police officer who is dispatched to a remote ghost town to find a missing woman, and finds the town to be full of residents linked to its dark past. The script was written by Duke Sandefur, based on a story by David Schmoeller..
15/20	==DB== Ghost Town.length 3767.0.released 2000-03-07.lastAlbum The Sweetest Punch.nextAlbum Blues Dream.Ghost Town (Bill Frisell album).Ghost Town is the 12th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1999 and is the first album featuring solo performances, overdubs and loops, by Frisell..comment Ghost Town is the 12th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1999 and is the first album featuring solo performances, overdubs and loops, by Frisell..
16/20	==DB== Ghost Town.yearsActive 2012.background group_or_band.origin Hollywood, California, US.Ghost Town (band).Ghost Town is an American electronic rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band formed on September 4, 2012 and in 2013 were signed to Fueled by Ramen. The band is made up of vocalist Kevin McCullough, guitarist Alix Koochaki, and drummer Manny Dominick. Alister Dippner creates artwork for the band's releases and is closely associated with them. The band has released three albums, Party in the Graveyard, The After Party, and Evolution, as well as an acoustic EP, Bare Bones. The After Party charted at No. 135 on the Billboard 200 and reached No. 1 on Billboard's "Top Heatseekers" chart..comment Ghost Town is an American electronic rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band formed on September 4, 2012 and in 2013 were signed to Fueled by Ramen. The band is made up of vocalist Kevin McCullough, guitarist Alix Koochaki, and drummer Manny Dominick. Alister Dippner creates artwork for the band's releases and is closely associated with them. The band has released three albums, Party in the Graveyard, The After Party, and Evolution, as well as an acoustic EP, Bare Bones. The After Party charted at No. 135 on the Billboard 200 and reached No. 1 on Billboard's "Top Heatseekers" chart..
17/20	==DB== title Ghost Town.Ghost Town (video game).Ghost Town is a computer game developed by Adventure International and released in 1981..comment Ghost Town is a computer game developed by Adventure International and released in 1981..
18/20	==SS== A town which has become deserted, usually due to failing economic activity, especially one that still has substantial visible remains.
19/20	==DB== Ghost Town.length 223.0.released 2009-01-30.lastSingle ""Ricochet!"".nextSingle "Major Tom (Coming Home)".Ghost Town (Shiny Toy Guns song)."Ghost Town" is the fifth single by Shiny Toy Guns, and the second single from their second album Season of Poison. The single peaked at #26 on the Billboard Alternative Songs Chart..comment "Ghost Town" is the fifth single by Shiny Toy Guns, and the second single from their second album Season of Poison. The single peaked at #26 on the Billboard Alternative Songs Chart..
20/20	==DB== Ghost Town.producer Max Martin.producer Ali Payami.writer Ali Payami.length 208.0.released 2015-04-21.lastSingle "Trespassing".nextSingle "Another Lonely Night".Ghost Town (Adam Lambert song)."Ghost Town" is a song recorded by American singer Adam Lambert for his third studio album, The Original High (2015). It was released as the album's lead single on April 21, 2015. The single garnered considerable commercial and critical success, becoming somewhat of a sleeper hit in select countries and receiving a substantial amount of radio play in the US..comment "Ghost Town" is a song recorded by American singer Adam Lambert for his third studio album, The Original High (2015). It was released as the album's lead single on April 21, 2015. The single garnered considerable commercial and critical success, becoming somewhat of a sleeper hit in select countries and receiving a substantial amount of radio play in the US..
===46	girls school	3
1/3	==DB== Girls' School.producer Paul McCartney.length 278.0.released 1977-11-11.format 7".lastSingle "Maybe I'm Amazed".nextSingle "With a Little Luck".aSide "Mull of Kintyre".Girls' School (song)."Girls' School" is a song by Wings released in 1977..comment "Girls' School" is a song by Wings released in 1977..
2/3	==DB== Single-sex education.Single-sex education, also known as single-gender education, is the practice of conducting education where male and female students attend separate classes or in separate buildings or schools. The practice was common before the twentieth century, particularly in secondary education and higher education. Single-sex education in many cultures is advocated on the basis of tradition as well as religion, and is practiced in many parts of the world. Recently, there has been a surge of interest and establishment of single-sex schools due to educational research. Single sex education is practiced in many Muslim majority countries; while in the West it is most popular in Belgium, Chile, Singapore, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Israel, New Zealand, Australia, South Korea. Motivations for such education range from religious ideas of sex segregation to beliefs that the sexes learn and behave differently, and, as such, they thrive in a single sex environment..comment Single-sex education, also known as single-gender education, is the practice of conducting education where male and female students attend separate classes or in separate buildings or schools. The practice was common before the twentieth century, particularly in secondary education and higher education. Single-sex education in many cultures is advocated on the basis of tradition as well as religion, and is practiced in many parts of the world. Recently, there has been a surge of interest and establishment of single-sex schools due to educational research. Single sex education is practiced in many Muslim majority countries; while in the West it is most popular in Belgium, Chile, Singapore, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Israel, New Zealand, Australia, South Korea. Motivations for such educa.
3/3	==DB== Girls' School.writer Richard Sherman.runtime 4320.0.Girls' School (film).Girls' School is a 1938 comedy film starring Anne Shirley. The film was directed by John Brahm and based upon a Tess Slesinger story. Morris Stoloff and Gregory Stone were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music, Scoring..comment Girls' School is a 1938 comedy film starring Anne Shirley. The film was directed by John Brahm and based upon a Tess Slesinger story. Morris Stoloff and Gregory Stone were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music, Scoring..
===47	graduation day	8
1/8	==DB== Titans/Young Justice: Graduation Day.Titans/Young Justice: Graduation Day was a three-part comic book limited series published by DC Comics. It was written by Judd Winick and illustrated by Ale Garza (pencils) and Trevor Scott (inks)..comment Titans/Young Justice: Graduation Day was a three-part comic book limited series published by DC Comics. It was written by Judd Winick and illustrated by Ale Garza (pencils) and Trevor Scott (inks)..
2/8	==DB== writer Joss Whedon.title Graduation Day.season 3.airdate 1999-05-18.airdate 1999-07-13.episode 21.guests *Larry Bagby as Larry Blaisdell *Eliza Dushku as Faith Lehane *Kristine Sutherland as Joyce Summers *Emma Caulfield as Anya *Alexis Denisof as Wesley Wyndam-Pryce *Harry Groener as Mayor Richard Wilkins *Mercedes McNab as Harmony Kendall *Armin Shimerman as Principal Snyder *Ethan Erickson as Percy West *Danny Strong as Jonathan Levinson *James Lurie as Mr. Miller *Hal Robinson as Lester Worth *Adrian Neil as Vamp-Lackey #1 *John Rosenfeld as Vamp-Lackey #2 *Paulo Andrés as Dr. Powell *Susan Chuang as Nurse *Tom Bellin as Dr. Gold *Samuel Bliss Cooper as Vamp-Lackey #3.Graduation Day (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)."Graduation Day" is the season finale of the WB Television Network's third season of the drama television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, consisting of the twenty-first and twenty-second episodes. They are also the fifty-fifth and fifty-sixth episodes of the show overall. The two constituent episodes were split into two broadcasts; "Part 1" first aired on May 18, 1999 and "Part 2" first aired on July 13, 1999. The second part was to originally be aired on May 25, 1999 however was postponed due to the episode's content and the occurrence of the Columbine High School shootings one month prior. The episodes were written and directed by series creator Joss Whedon. The episodes are the last to feature Angel (David Boreanaz) as a series regular due to the character starring in the spin-off series Angel. Fellow series regular Cordelia Chase (Charisma Carpenter)—who had been with the show since its first episode—also left the series to star alongside Boreanaz. The first part, which featured a fight between Buffy and Faith, was included in BuddyTV's 10 favorite catfights on television..comment "Graduation Day" is the season finale of the WB Television Network's third season of the drama television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, consisting of the twenty-first and twenty-second episodes. They are also the fifty-fifth and fifty-sixth episodes of the show overall. The two constituent episodes were split into two broadcasts; "Part 1" first aired on May 18, 1999 and "Part 2" first aired on July 13, 1999. The second part was to originally be aired on May 25, 1999 however was postponed due to the episode's content and the occurrence of the Columbine High School shootings one month prior. The episodes were written and directed by series creator Joss Whedon..
3/8	==DB== Graduation Day (The 4400 episode).
4/8	==DB== Graduation Day.runtime 5760.0.starring Richard Balin.starring Patch Mackenzie.starring E. Danny Murphy.starring Beverly Dixon.starring Hal Bokar.starring Denise Chesire.starring Carl Rey.budget 250000.0.gross 2.3894E7.Graduation Day (film).Graduation Day is a 1981 slasher film directed by Herb Freed and produced by Troma Entertainment. The plot concerns a high school track team being suspiciously missing and murdered by a masked assailant after an accidental death of a member on the team had occurred during a track meet..comment Graduation Day is a 1981 slasher film directed by Herb Freed and produced by Troma Entertainment. The plot concerns a high school track team being suspiciously missing and murdered by a masked assailant after an accidental death of a member on the team had occurred during a track meet..
5/8	==DB== Graduation Day (Beavis and Butt-head).
6/8	==DB== Graduation Day (ER).
7/8	==DB== title Graduation Day.season 5.airdate 1997-09-20.episode 76.Graduation Day (X-Men).Graduation Day is the series finale of the animated series, X-Men. It originally aired on September 20, 1997..comment Graduation Day is the series finale of the animated series, X-Men. It originally aired on September 20, 1997..
8/8	==DB== Graduation Day.bSide "Lonely Night in Paris".aSide "Graduation Day".Graduation Day (The Four Freshmen song)."Graduation Day" is a 1956 hit song by The Four Freshmen written by Joe Sherman with lyrics by his brother Noel Sherman. The song, a single from the Capitol album Freshman Favourites, was quickly covered in singles by The Rover Boys in 1956, The Lennon Sisters with bandleader Lawrence Welk, also in 1956, Tommy Sands in 1957, by Bobby Pickett in 1963, and by The Arbors in 1968. It was performed in concert by The Beach Boys, being included on their October 1964 album Beach Boys Concert. Many years later, in 1976, it was issued as the B-side to the rerelease of The Beach Boys' Be True To Your School (Capitol 4334)..comment "Graduation Day" is a 1956 hit song by The Four Freshmen written by Joe Sherman with lyrics by his brother Noel Sherman. The song, a single from the Capitol album Freshman Favourites, was quickly covered in singles by The Rover Boys in 1956, The Lennon Sisters with bandleader Lawrence Welk, also in 1956, Tommy Sands in 1957, by Bobby Pickett in 1963, and by The Arbors in 1968. It was performed in concert by The Beach Boys, being included on their October 1964 album Beach Boys Concert. Many years later, in 1976, it was issued as the B-side to the rerelease of The Beach Boys' Be True To Your School (Capitol 4334)..
===48	grass roots	12
1/12	==DB== Grassroots.A grassroots movement (often referenced in the context of a political movement) as defined by Webster's Dictionary, is one which uses the people in a given district as the basis for a political or economic movement.Grassroots movements and organizations utilize collective action from the local level to effect change at the local, regional, national, or international level. Grassroots movements are associated with bottom-up, rather than top-down decision making, and are sometimes considered more natural or spontaneous than more traditional power structures.  Grassroots movements utilize a variety of strategies from fundraising and registering voters, to simply encouraging political conversation. Goals of specific movements vary, but the movements are consistent in their focus on increasing mass participation in politics. The idea of grassroots is often conflated with participatory democracy. The Port Huron Statement, a manifesto seeking a more democratic society, says that to create a more equitable society, "the grass roots of American Society" need to be the basis of civil rights and economic reform movements. The terms can be distinguished in that grassroots often refers to a specific movement or organization, whereas participatory democracy refers to the larger system of governance..comment A grassroots movement (often referenced in the context of a political movement) as defined by Webster's Dictionary, is one which uses the people in a given district as the basis for a political or economic movement.Grassroots movements and organizations utilize collective action from the local level to effect change at the local, regional, national, or international level. Grassroots movements are associated with bottom-up, rather than top-down decision making, and are sometimes considered more natural or spontaneous than more traditional power structures.  Grassroots movements utilize a variety of strategies from fundraising and registering voters, to simply encouraging political conversation. Goals of specific movements vary, but the movements are consistent in their focus on increasing .
2/12	==DB== Grass Roots (Atban Klann album).
3/12	==DB== Grass Roots.foundation 1980.intl yes.Grass Roots (company).Grass Roots is a global employee and customer engagement provider, specialising in employee solutions, customer engagement, promotions and incentives, and meetings and events. The Grass Roots Group PLC was founded in 1980 and is privately owned and is an associate of WPP Group.Grass Roots is headquartered in Tring, with a network of offices in 10 countries with over 1,000 employees. Client programmes are delivered in over 100 countries..comment Grass Roots is a global employee and customer engagement provider, specialising in employee solutions, customer engagement, promotions and incentives, and meetings and events. The Grass Roots Group PLC was founded in 1980 and is privately owned and is an associate of WPP Group.Grass Roots is headquartered in Tring, with a network of offices in 10 countries with over 1,000 employees. Client programmes are delivered in over 100 countries..
4/12	==DB== Grass Roots: The Best of the New Grass Revival.lastAlbum Anthology.Grass Roots: The Best of the New Grass Revival.Grass Roots: The Best of the New Grass Revival is a compilation album by the progressive bluegrass band New Grass Revival, released in 2005..comment Grass Roots: The Best of the New Grass Revival is a compilation album by the progressive bluegrass band New Grass Revival, released in 2005..
5/12	==SS== People and society at the local (most basic) level rather than at the national centre of political activity
6/12	==DB== Grass Roots.length 3534.0.lastAlbum Book of Mæ'bul (Another Kind of Sunrise).recorded Systems Two Studio, Brooklyn.recorded 2011-08-26.Grass Roots (Grass Roots album).Grass Roots is the eponymous debut album by the free jazz collective quartet consisting of Sean Conly on bass, Alex Harding on baritone sax, Darius Jones on alto sax and Chad Taylor on drums. It was recorded in 2011 and released on the AUM Fidelity label..comment Grass Roots is the eponymous debut album by the free jazz collective quartet consisting of Sean Conly on bass, Alex Harding on baritone sax, Darius Jones on alto sax and Chad Taylor on drums. It was recorded in 2011 and released on the AUM Fidelity label..
7/12	==DB== The Grass Roots.yearsActive 1965.background group_or_band.origin Los Angeles, California, United States.Dunhill, ABC, Haven, MCA, Gusto, RFG, Cleopatra.The Grass Roots.(For other uses, see Grass roots (disambiguation).) The Grass Roots is an American rock band that charted frequently between 1966 and 1975. It was originally the creation of Lou Adler and songwriting duo P. F. Sloan and Steve Barri. In their career, they achieved two gold albums, one gold single and charted singles a total of 21 times. Among their charting singles, they achieved Top 10 three times, Top 20 three times and Top 40 eight times. They have sold over twenty million records worldwide. Until his death in 2011, early member Rob Grill and a newer lineup of the Grass Roots continued to play many live performances each year. Since 2012, band members chosen by Grill are carrying on the legacy of the group with nationwide live performances..comment (For other uses, see Grass roots (disambiguation).) The Grass Roots is an American rock band that charted frequently between 1966 and 1975. It was originally the creation of Lou Adler and songwriting duo P. F. Sloan and Steve Barri. In their career, they achieved two gold albums, one gold single and charted singles a total of 21 times. Among their charting singles, they achieved Top 10 three times, Top 20 three times and Top 40 eight times. They have sold over twenty million records worldwide..
8/12	==DB== Grass Roots.pages 496.isbn 978.oclc 63791379.mediaType Print.Grass Roots (novel).Grass Roots is the fourth novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 1989 by Simon & Schuster. The novel takes place in Delano Georgia, some years after the events of Deep Lie. The story continues the story of the Lee family of Delano, Georgia. Will Lee is now working at his father's firm and running for the senate. The novel was turned into a mini series..comment Grass Roots is the fourth novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 1989 by Simon & Schuster. The novel takes place in Delano Georgia, some years after the events of Deep Lie. The story continues the story of the Lee family of Delano, Georgia. Will Lee is now working at his father's firm and running for the senate. The novel was turned into a mini series..
9/12	==DB== Grass Roots.BST 84303.length 4142.0.lastAlbum Change.nextAlbum Dance with Death.recorded --04-19.recorded Van Gelder Studio, Englewood Cliffs.Grass Roots (Andrew Hill album).Grass Roots is the tenth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill featuring performances recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label. The original album features Hill's quintet performing five original compositions and the 2000 CD reissue added three alternate takes and two additional compositions recorded by a sextet at an earlier session as bonus tracks..comment Grass Roots is the tenth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill featuring performances recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label. The original album features Hill's quintet performing five original compositions and the 2000 CD reissue added three alternate takes and two additional compositions recorded by a sextet at an earlier session as bonus tracks..
10/12	==DB== Grass Roots.producer Bruce Higham.producer Andy Leighton.Grass Roots (film).Grass Roots was a proposed clay animated film based on the Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers underground comic strip created by Gilbert Shelton..comment Grass Roots was a proposed clay animated film based on the Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers underground comic strip created by Gilbert Shelton..
11/12	==DB== Grass Roots (TV movie).
12/12	==DB== runtime 3000.0.showName Grass Roots.numSeasons 2.numEpisodes 18.firstAired 2000-06-01.Grass Roots (TV series).Grass Roots is an Australian television series produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation between 2000 and 2003..comment Grass Roots is an Australian television series produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation between 2000 and 2003..
===49	green card	4
1/4	==DB== Green Card.Green Card:.Original Motion Picture Soundtrack.producer Peter Weir.producer Hans Zimmer, Peter Weir.writer Peter Weir.runtime 6420.0.country United States.country Australia.country France.length 2696.0.starring *.released 1991-01-22.gross 2.9888235E7.recorded 1990.Green Card (film).Green Card is a 1990 romantic comedy film written, produced, directed by Peter Weir and starring Gérard Depardieu and Andie MacDowell. The screenplay focuses on an American woman who enters into a marriage of convenience with a Frenchman so he can obtain a green card and remain in the United States. Depardieu won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor. The film won the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay..comment Green Card is a 1990 romantic comedy film written, produced, directed by Peter Weir and starring Gérard Depardieu and Andie MacDowell. The screenplay focuses on an American woman who enters into a marriage of convenience with a Frenchman so he can obtain a green card and remain in the United States. Depardieu won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor. The film won the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay..
2/4	==SS== 
3/4	==SS== A US work permit, officially known as United States Permanent Resident Card.
4/4	==DB== Green card (IBM/360).Green card was the abbreviated name given to the IBM/360 Reference data card that served as the shorthand "bible" for programmers during the late 1960s and 1970s. It rapidly became an icon of the 360 era of programming and was later replaced by the "yellow card". The same concept was also later used for an "orange card" for CICS application programming - that showed some internal CICS data structures and their relationships..comment Green card was the abbreviated name given to the IBM/360 Reference data card that served as the shorthand "bible" for programmers during the late 1960s and 1970s. It rapidly became an icon of the 360 era of programming and was later replaced by the "yellow card". The same concept was also later used for an "orange card" for CICS application programming - that showed some internal CICS data structures and their relationships..
===50	guest house	3
1/3	==DB== Guest house.A guest house (also guesthouse) is a kind of lodging. In some parts of the world a guest house is similar to a hostel, bed and breakfast, or inn where in other parts of the world (such as for example the Caribbean), guest houses are a type of inexpensive hotel-like lodging. In still others, it is a private home which has been converted for the exclusive use of guest accommodation. The owner usually lives in an entirely separate area within the property and the guest house may serve as a form of lodging business. This type of accommodation presents some major benefits  such as:  *  Personalized attention  *  Healthy and homemade food  *  Quietness  *  Inexpensiveness  *  Modern design.comment A guest house (also guesthouse) is a kind of lodging. In some parts of the world a guest house is similar to a hostel, bed and breakfast, or inn where in other parts of the world (such as for example the Caribbean), guest houses are a type of inexpensive hotel-like lodging. In still others, it is a private home which has been converted for the exclusive use of guest accommodation. The owner usually lives in an entirely separate area within the property and the guest house may serve as a form of lodging business. This type of accommodation presents some major benefits  such as:.
2/3	==SS== 
3/3	==DB== Guest House.purpose Guest House is devoted to caring for Catholic priests, deacons, brothers, seminarians and women religious suffering from alcoholism, chemical dependencies, and other addictions involving food and gambling..motto None Too Early, None Too Late.status Treatment Center.budget 7000000.0.formation 1951.Guest House.Guest House is a non-profit, charitable organization dedicated to the treatment of Catholic priests, deacons, brothers, seminarians (and - since 1994 - women religious) who suffer from alcoholism, other chemical dependencies and other addictions involving food and gambling. Opened in 1956 in Lake Orion, Michigan, Guest House is the oldest, continuously operating treatment center of its kind anywhere. Guest House has 68 full-time and 61 part-time employees and an annual budget in excess of $7 million. Guest House operates two licensed and Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Facilities (CARF) accredited treatment centers. The one in Rochester, Minnesota is for priests and male religious and the other, in Lake Orion, Michigan, is for women religious..comment Guest House is a non-profit, charitable organization dedicated to the treatment of Catholic priests, deacons, brothers, seminarians (and - since 1994 - women religious) who suffer from alcoholism, other chemical dependencies and other addictions involving food and gambling. Opened in 1956 in Lake Orion, Michigan, Guest House is the oldest, continuously operating treatment center of its kind anywhere..
===51	hard core	23
1/23	==DB== HarDCore.
2/23	==DB== Hardcore techno.
3/23	==DB== Digital hardcore.stylisticOrigins * Hardcore punk * hardcore techno * noise rock * drum and bass * breakcore * industrial rock.instruments * Electric guitar * bass * personal computer * drum machine * drums * keyboard * synthesizer * sampler * sequencer * groovebox.Digital hardcore.Digital hardcore is a music genre that melds hardcore punk with electronic music such as hardcore techno, industrial, breakcore and drum and bass. The style was developed in Germany during the early 1990s, and often has sociological or far-left lyrical themes..comment Digital hardcore is a music genre that melds hardcore punk with electronic music such as hardcore techno, industrial, breakcore and drum and bass. The style was developed in Germany during the early 1990s, and often has sociological or far-left lyrical themes..
4/23	==DB== List of hardcore genres.
5/23	==DB== Industrial hardcore.
6/23	==DB== Breakbeat hardcore.derivatives 4.Breakbeat hardcore.Breakbeat hardcore (also called oldskool rave hardcore) is a genre of electronic dance music and a derivative of acid house and techno music, of the late 1980s and early 1990s, that combines four-on-the-floor rhythms with breakbeats, and is associated with the UK rave scene. In addition to the including of breakbeats the genre also features shuffled drum machine patterns, upbeat piano rolls and old-school hoover sounds..comment Breakbeat hardcore (also called oldskool rave hardcore) is a genre of electronic dance music and a derivative of acid house and techno music, of the late 1980s and early 1990s, that combines four-on-the-floor rhythms with breakbeats, and is associated with the UK rave scene. In addition to the including of breakbeats the genre also features shuffled drum machine patterns, upbeat piano rolls and old-school hoover sounds..
7/23	==DB== Hardcore Holly.birthDate 1963-01-29.names Bob Howard.names Hardcore Holly.names Bob Holly.names Bombastic Bob.names Thurman "Sparky" Plugg.Hardcore Holly.Robert William "Bob" Howard (born January 29, 1963) is a semi-retired American professional wrestler, actor and former racecar driver. He is best known for his 15-year career with the World Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Entertainment (WWF/E) under the ring names Thurman "Sparky" Plugg, Bob "Spark Plug" Holly, Bombastic Bob and Hardcore Holly. After debuting in 1990, Holly worked for Smoky Mountain Wrestling and other independent promotions, before joining WWE full-time in 1994. Initially portraying the character of a NASCAR driver, Thurman "Sparky" Plugg, his name was soon changed to Bob "Spark Plug" Holly. In 1998, he formed a team with Bart Gunn, known as The New Midnight Express. After becoming known simply as "Hardcore Holly" in 1999, he was joined by on-screen cousins, Crash and Molly. In 2002, he suffered a broken neck, which sidelined him for over a year. Upon his return, he engaged in minor feuds with wrestlers such as Mr. Kennedy and Rob Van Dam, before forming a tag team with Cody Rhodes in 2007. Holly departed WWE in 2009, wrestling intermittently on the independent circuit. He published his autobiography, The Hardcore Truth: The Bob Holly Story, in 2013. Championships held by Holly over the course of his career include the WWF/E World Tag Team Championship, NWA World Tag Team Championship, and WWF/E Hardcore Championship..comment Robert William "Bob" Howard (born January 29, 1963) is a semi-retired American professional wrestler, actor and former racecar driver. He is best known for his 15-year career with the World Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Entertainment (WWF/E) under the ring names Thurman "Sparky" Plugg, Bob "Spark Plug" Holly, Bombastic Bob and Hardcore Holly. Championships held by Holly over the course of his career include the WWF/E World Tag Team Championship, NWA World Tag Team Championship, and WWF/E Hardcore Championship..
8/23	==DB== Early hardcore.
9/23	==DB== Mainstream hardcore.subgenres Speedcore, terror, Frenchcore, industrial hardcore, splittercore, early hardcore, happy hardcore.Mainstream hardcore.Mainstream hardcore, Mainstyle or Newstyle Hardcore, is a subgenre of hardcore techno. The essence of mainstream hardcore sound is a distorted bass drum sound, overdriven to the point where it becomes clipped into a distorted square wave and makes a recognizably melodic tone. Often the Roland Alpha Juno or the kick from a Roland TR-909 was used to create this sound. Mainstream hardcore tracks typically include samples and synthesized melodies with the typical tempo ranging from 150 to 165 bpm. Violence, drugs and profanity are common themes in mainstream hardcore, perceptible through its samples and lyrics, often screamed, pitch shifted, or distorted..comment Mainstream hardcore, Mainstyle or Newstyle Hardcore, is a subgenre of hardcore techno. The essence of mainstream hardcore sound is a distorted bass drum sound, overdriven to the point where it becomes clipped into a distorted square wave and makes a recognizably melodic tone..
10/23	==DB== Hardcore punk.filename Pay to Cum.ogg.filename BlackFlagNervousBreakdown.ogg.title Nervous Breakdown.title Pay to Cum.description Sample of Black Flag "Nervous Breakdown" from Nervous Breakdown EP.description Sample of Bad Brain's "Pay to Cum".subgenres * Christian hardcore * D-beat * melodic hardcore * powerviolence * thrashcore.fusiongenres * Crust punk * crossover thrash * deathcore * digital hardcore * grindcore * horror punk * jazzcore * mangue bit * metalcore * Nintendocore * Raïcore * skacore * sludge metal.Hardcore punk.Hardcore punk (often abbreviated to hardcore) is a punk rock music genre and subculture music genre and subculture that originated in the late 1970s. It is generally faster, harder, and more abrasive than other forms of punk rock. Its roots can be traced to earlier punk scenes in San Francisco and Southern California which arose as a reaction against the still predominant hippie cultural climate of the time and was also inspired by New York punk rock and early proto-punk. New York punk had a harder-edged sound than its San Francisco counterpart, featuring anti-art expressions of masculine anger, energy and subversive humor. Hardcore punk generally disavows commercialism, the established music industry and "anything similar to the characteristics of mainstream rock" and often addresses social and political topics. Hardcore sprouted underground scenes across the United States in the early 1980s, particularly in Washington, D.C., New York, New Jersey, and Boston—as well as in Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom. Hardcore has spawned the straight edge movement and its associated submovements, hardline and youth crew. Hardcore was heavily involved with the rise of the independent record labels in the 1980s, and with the DIY ethics in underground music scenes. It has also influenced various music genres that have experienced widespread commercial success, including alternative rock, thrash metal, emo, nu metal and metalcore. While traditional hardcore has never experienced mainstream commercial success, some of its early pioneers have garnered appreciation over time. Black Flag's Damaged, Minutemen's Double Nickels on the Dime and Hüsker Dü's New Day Rising were included in Rolling Stone's list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time in 2003 and Dead Kennedys have seen one of their albums reach gold status over a period of 25 years. In 2011, Rolling Stone writer David Fricke placed Greg Ginn of Black Flag 99th place in his 100 Greatest Guitarists list. Although the music genre started in English-speaking western countries, notable hardcore scenes have existed in Italy, Brazil, Japan, Europe and the Middle East..comment Hardcore punk (often abbreviated to hardcore) is a punk rock music genre and subculture music genre and subculture that originated in the late 1970s. It is generally faster, harder, and more abrasive than other forms of punk rock. Its roots can be traced to earlier punk scenes in San Francisco and Southern California which arose as a reaction against the still predominant hippie cultural climate of the time and was also inspired by New York punk rock and early proto-punk. New York punk had a harder-edged sound than its San Francisco counterpart, featuring anti-art expressions of masculine anger, energy and subversive humor. Hardcore punk generally disavows commercialism, the established music industry and "anything similar to the characteristics of mainstream rock" and often addresses soci.
11/23	==DB== Hardcore hip hop.Hardcore hip hop.Hardcore hip hop (also hardcore rap) is a genre of hip hop music that developed through the East Coast hip hop scene in the 1980s. Pioneered by such artists as Kool G Rap, 2Pac, Schoolly D, Ice T, Ice Cube, Spoonie Gee, Boogie Down Productions, Public Enemy, Nas, Big L, and N.W.A, it is generally characterised by anger, aggression, and confrontation..comment Hardcore hip hop (also hardcore rap) is a genre of hip hop music that developed through the East Coast hip hop scene in the 1980s. Pioneered by such artists as Kool G Rap, 2Pac, Schoolly D, Ice T, Ice Cube, Spoonie Gee, Boogie Down Productions, Public Enemy, Nas, Big L, and N.W.A, it is generally characterised by anger, aggression, and confrontation..
12/23	==DB== Hardcore pornography.Hardcore pornography, or hardcore porn, is still photography or video footage that contains explicit forms of pornography, most commonly including depictions of sexual acts such as vaginal, anal, and/or oral intercourse, cunnilingus, fellatio, anilingus, ejaculation, and/or fetish play. Hardcore pornography usually takes the form of photographs, often displayed in magazines or on the Internet, or films and cartoons. Since the 1990s it has been distributed widely over the Internet..comment Hardcore pornography, or hardcore porn, is still photography or video footage that contains explicit forms of pornography, most commonly including depictions of sexual acts such as vaginal, anal, and/or oral intercourse, cunnilingus, fellatio, anilingus, ejaculation, and/or fetish play. Hardcore pornography usually takes the form of photographs, often displayed in magazines or on the Internet, or films and cartoons. Since the 1990s it has been distributed widely over the Internet..
13/23	==DB== Hardcore wrestling.Hardcore wrestling is a form of professional wrestling where disqualifications, count-outs, and all other different rules do not apply in favor of matches that take place in both usual environments and allowing to using ladders, tables, chairs, thumbtacks, barbed wire, light tubes, shovels, baseball bats, golf clubs, hammers, axes, chains, crowbars, wrenches, tongs, and all other improvised weapons used as foreign objects and can occur (and take place) anywhere. Although hardcore wrestling is a staple of most wrestling promotions, where they are often used at the climaxes of feuds, some promotions (such as Big Japan Pro Wrestling, International Wrestling Syndicate and Combat Zone Wrestling) specialize in hardcore wrestling, with many matches performed in this manner. Hardcore wrestling became acknowledged as a major wrestling style first in Japan with promotions such as Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling and W*ING. It then became successful in America with Extreme Championship Wrestling. The World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment capitalized on the success and introduced the WWF Hardcore Championship in the 1990s. The WWF soon began to turn the matches into comedy skits, illustrating the ridiculousness they involved. Hardcore contrasts with traditional mat-based wrestling, where solid technical skills are preferred over stuntworks, blood, sweat, gore, and severe shock value..comment Hardcore wrestling is a form of professional wrestling where disqualifications, count-outs, and all other different rules do not apply in favor of matches that take place in both usual environments and allowing to using ladders, tables, chairs, thumbtacks, barbed wire, light tubes, shovels, baseball bats, golf clubs, hammers, axes, chains, crowbars, wrenches, tongs, and all other improvised weapons used as foreign objects and can occur (and take place) anywhere. Although hardcore wrestling is a staple of most wrestling promotions, where they are often used at the climaxes of feuds, some promotions (such as Big Japan Pro Wrestling, International Wrestling Syndicate and Combat Zone Wrestling) specialize in hardcore wrestling, with many matches performed in this manner..
14/23	==DB== Metallic hardcore.
15/23	==DB== Happy hardcore.derivatives 4.Happy hardcore.Happy hardcore, also known as happy rave or happycore, is a genre of hard dance typified by a very fast tempo (usually around 160–180 BPM), often coupled with solo vocals and sentimental lyrics. Its characteristically 4/4 beat "happy" sound distinguishes it from most other forms of hardcore, which tend to be "darker". It is typically in a major key. In its original incarnation, it was often characterized by piano riffs, synthetic stabs and spacey effects. This genre of music is closely related to the typically Dutch genre of gabber. Happy hardcore evolved from breakbeat hardcore around 1991–1993, as the original house music-based rave became faster and began to include breakbeats, evolving into oldschool jungle which evolved into drum and bass. Some of the most famous artists of this genre include DJ Brisk, Scott Brown, Darren Styles, Hixxy, DJ Paul Elstak, Dune, Scooter, Stu Allan (aka VISA), Dougal, Slipmatt, DJ Sharkey, DJ Gammer, DJ Cammy, DJ Sharpnel and DJ S3RL..comment Happy hardcore, also known as happy rave or happycore, is a genre of hard dance typified by a very fast tempo (usually around 160–180 BPM), often coupled with solo vocals and sentimental lyrics. Its characteristically 4/4 beat "happy" sound distinguishes it from most other forms of hardcore, which tend to be "darker". It is typically in a major key. In its original incarnation, it was often characterized by piano riffs, synthetic stabs and spacey effects. This genre of music is closely related to the typically Dutch genre of gabber. Happy hardcore evolved from breakbeat hardcore around 1991–1993, as the original house music-based rave became faster and began to include breakbeats, evolving into oldschool jungle which evolved into drum and bass. Some of the most famous artists of this genre.
16/23	==DB== Melodic hardcore.stylisticOrigins * Hardcore punk * punk rock.instruments * Vocals * electric guitar * bass * drums.Melodic hardcore.Melodic hardcore is a broadly defined subgenre of hardcore punk with a strong emphasis on melody in its guitar work. It generally incorporates fast rhythms, melodic and sometimes distorted guitar riffs, and vocal styles tending towards shouting and screaming. Nevertheless, the genre has been very diverse, with different bands showcasing very different styles. Of the pioneering melodic hardcore bands such as Bad Religion and Descendents, some have proven influential across the spectrum of punk rock, as well as rock music more generally..comment Melodic hardcore is a broadly defined subgenre of hardcore punk with a strong emphasis on melody in its guitar work. It generally incorporates fast rhythms, melodic and sometimes distorted guitar riffs, and vocal styles tending towards shouting and screaming. Nevertheless, the genre has been very diverse, with different bands showcasing very different styles. Of the pioneering melodic hardcore bands such as Bad Religion and Descendents, some have proven influential across the spectrum of punk rock, as well as rock music more generally..
17/23	==DB== Hardcore (2015 film).
18/23	==DB== Hardcore.runtime 6540.0.released 1979-02-09.Hardcore (1979 film).Hardcore is a 1979 American crime drama film written and directed by Paul Schrader and starring George C. Scott, Peter Boyle and Season Hubley. The story concerns a father searching for his daughter, who has vanished only to appear in a pornographic film. Writer-director Schrader had previously written the screenplay for Martin Scorsese's Taxi Driver, and both films share a theme of exploring an unseen subculture..comment Hardcore is a 1979 American crime drama film written and directed by Paul Schrader and starring George C. Scott, Peter Boyle and Season Hubley. The story concerns a father searching for his daughter, who has vanished only to appear in a pornographic film. Writer-director Schrader had previously written the screenplay for Martin Scorsese's Taxi Driver, and both films share a theme of exploring an unseen subculture..
19/23	==DB== Hardcore.writer James Kenelm Clarke.runtime 4800.0.Hardcore (1977 film).Hardcore is a 1977 British comedy film directed by James Kenelm Clarke and starring Fiona Richmond, Anthony Steel, Victor Spinetti, Ronald Fraser and Harry H. Corbett. It depicts a highly fictionalised account of the life of Richmond, who was a leading pin-up in the 1970s. In the US the film was known as Fiona..comment Hardcore is a 1977 British comedy film directed by James Kenelm Clarke and starring Fiona Richmond, Anthony Steel, Victor Spinetti, Ronald Fraser and Harry H. Corbett. It depicts a highly fictionalised account of the life of Richmond, who was a leading pin-up in the 1970s. In the US the film was known as Fiona..
20/23	==DB== Hardcore '81.type Album.length 1149.0.lastAlbum Something Better Change.nextAlbum War on 45.Hardcore '81.Hardcore '81 is an album by the Canadian hardcore punk band D.O.A.. It is considered by some to be the first reference to the North American punk scene as hardcore..comment Hardcore '81 is an album by the Canadian hardcore punk band D.O.A.. It is considered by some to be the first reference to the North American punk scene as hardcore..
21/23	==DB== Hardcore (comics).
22/23	==DB== Hardcore.Hardcore (Daddy Freddy album).Hardcore is an album by Daddy Freddy..comment Hardcore is an album by Daddy Freddy..
23/23	==DB== UK hardcore.UK hardcore.UK hardcore is a genre of music which evolved from and incorporates sound elements from happy hardcore and rave music. Both genres burgeoned towards the latter 1990s and have increasingly grown in popularity throughout the 21st century. UK Hardcore diverges from its ancestors through a characteristically "harder" style and less break-beat associated with the happy hardcore music of the 1990s..comment UK hardcore is a genre of music which evolved from and incorporates sound elements from happy hardcore and rave music. Both genres burgeoned towards the latter 1990s and have increasingly grown in popularity throughout the 21st century. UK Hardcore diverges from its ancestors through a characteristically "harder" style and less break-beat associated with the happy hardcore music of the 1990s..
===52	heart beat	49
1/49	==DB== Heartbeat (computing).In computer science, a heartbeat is a periodic signal generated by hardware or software to indicate normal operation or to synchronize other parts of a computer system. Usually a heartbeat is sent between machines at a regular interval in the order of seconds. If the endpoint does not receive a heartbeat for a time —usually a few heartbeat intervals—, the machine that should have sent the heartbeat is assumed to have failed..comment In computer science, a heartbeat is a periodic signal generated by hardware or software to indicate normal operation or to synchronize other parts of a computer system. Usually a heartbeat is sent between machines at a regular interval in the order of seconds. If the endpoint does not receive a heartbeat for a time —usually a few heartbeat intervals—, the machine that should have sent the heartbeat is assumed to have failed..
2/49	==DB== Heartbeat (company).Heartbeat (sometimes Heart Beat) was a Japanese video game developer, famous for developing the sixth and seventh installments of the Dragon Quest series. Heartbeat also developed a remake of Dragon Quest IV. Plans to localize this remake in North America were halted when the employees of Heartbeat decided to take a sabbatical. The company stated its reason was "the raise of development costs", despite the massive financial success of its games. The company no longer exists but several of its members have created Genius Sonority, a company that develops games for Nintendo..comment Heartbeat (sometimes Heart Beat) was a Japanese video game developer, famous for developing the sixth and seventh installments of the Dragon Quest series. Heartbeat also developed a remake of Dragon Quest IV. Plans to localize this remake in North America were halted when the employees of Heartbeat decided to take a sabbatical. The company stated its reason was "the raise of development costs", despite the massive financial success of its games. The company no longer exists but several of its members have created Genius Sonority, a company that develops games for Nintendo..
3/49	==DB== Heartbeat.writer Andrea Dorfman.runtime 5580.0.Heartbeat (2014 film).Heartbeat is a 2014 Canadian drama film written and directed by Andrea Dorfman. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. The film stars poet and musician Tanya Davis as Justine, an unfulfilled advertising copywriter who dreams of becoming a musician but struggles with stage fright..comment Heartbeat is a 2014 Canadian drama film written and directed by Andrea Dorfman. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. The film stars poet and musician Tanya Davis as Justine, an unfulfilled advertising copywriter who dreams of becoming a musician but struggles with stage fright..
4/49	==DB== Heartbeat.writer *.length 258.0.released 1986-08-19.format *.format 7".format 12".bSide "Can't Take Your Memory".Heartbeat (Don Johnson song)."Heartbeat" is a 1986 song by Don Johnson. It was released as a single and included on the album of the same name. It became an international hit, peaking at #5 on the Billboard Hot 100, and charting highly in many European countries. Segments of the song were sampled in the dance tune, "Heartbeat" by Scottish producer, Grum. The track appears on the video game Grand Theft Auto V in 2013. The song was also recorded by Helen Reddy and was a track on her 1983 MCA album "Imagination"..comment "Heartbeat" is a 1986 song by Don Johnson. It was released as a single and included on the album of the same name. It became an international hit, peaking at #5 on the Billboard Hot 100, and charting highly in many European countries. Segments of the song were sampled in the dance tune, "Heartbeat" by Scottish producer, Grum. The track appears on the video game Grand Theft Auto V in 2013. The song was also recorded by Helen Reddy and was a track on her 1983 MCA album "Imagination"..
5/49	==DB== Heartbeat (novel).Heartbeat is a 2004 children's book by Sharon Creech, published by Bloomsbury Publishing Plc. It is aimed at children aged 10 and above. Like Love That Dog, the book is written in free verse, which alters according to both the subject and the main character's mood..comment Heartbeat is a 2004 children's book by Sharon Creech, published by Bloomsbury Publishing Plc. It is aimed at children aged 10 and above. Like Love That Dog, the book is written in free verse, which alters according to both the subject and the main character's mood..
6/49	==DB== Heartbeat Song.writer David "Jaff" Craig, Barry Hyde, Dave Hyde, Ross Millard.length 148.0.released 2010-04-12.format 7.0.Heartbeat Song (The Futureheads song)."Heartbeat Song" is the first single to be taken from the fourth album from The Futureheads, The Chaos. It was released in the United Kingdom on 12 April 2010 and has so far managed to reach a peak of #34 on the UK Singles Chart. The single peaked on BBC Radio 1's A-list playlist during March 2010. A limited edition signed and hand-stamped 7" vinyl single was released later that same week for UK Record Store Day. It was limited to 500 copies..comment "Heartbeat Song" is the first single to be taken from the fourth album from The Futureheads, The Chaos. It was released in the United Kingdom on 12 April 2010 and has so far managed to reach a peak of #34 on the UK Singles Chart. The single peaked on BBC Radio 1's A-list playlist during March 2010. A limited edition signed and hand-stamped 7" vinyl single was released later that same week for UK Record Store Day. It was limited to 500 copies..
7/49	==DB== Heartbeat.released 2009-11-10.artist 2.lastSingle "2:00PM Time For Change".nextSingle "Don't Stop Can't Stop".album 1.Heartbeat (2PM song)."Heartbeat" is a song by K-pop band 2PM. It was released on November 10, 2009, as the lead single for 01:59PM. The song peaked at No. 1 on the Gaon Chart..comment "Heartbeat" is a song by K-pop band 2PM. It was released on November 10, 2009, as the lead single for 01:59PM. The song peaked at No. 1 on the Gaon Chart..
8/49	==DB== Heartbeat.runtime 6840.0.country South Korea.starring Park Hae-il.Heartbeat (2011 film).Heartbeat (Hangul: 심장이 뛴다; RR: Shimjangi Dwoenda) is a 2011 South Korean film about human organ trade. The film revolves around Yeon-hee, a widow hoping for a heart transplant for her daughter. When she hears that Hwi-do's mother had a traumatic fall and is now brain-dead, Yeon-hee eagerly attempts to purchase the heart. But Hwi-do refuses until he can find out more about what led to the fall. Starring Kim Yunjin and Park Hae-il in the lead roles, it is the directorial debut of Yoon Jae-keun, who previously wrote Hello, Schoolgirl (2008). The film had a total of 1,032,942 admissions nationwide..comment Heartbeat (Hangul: 심장이 뛴다; RR: Shimjangi Dwoenda) is a 2011 South Korean film about human organ trade. The film revolves around Yeon-hee, a widow hoping for a heart transplant for her daughter. When she hears that Hwi-do's mother had a traumatic fall and is now brain-dead, Yeon-hee eagerly attempts to purchase the heart. But Hwi-do refuses until he can find out more about what led to the fall..
9/49	==DB== Heartbeat.length 182.0.released 2008-04-08.lastSingle "Space And The Woods"/"Focker".nextSingle "Bathroom Gurgle ".Heartbeat (Late of the Pier song)."Heartbeat" is a song by British rock group Late of the Pier. It was released as a single on the 4 August 2008. It is the first Late of the Pier song to chart, coming in at number 98 in the UK Singles Chart. It is notable for its time signatures, alternating between 4/4 and 7/8 timing. The song was previously known to fans as "7beat", and was titled "Heatbeat, Flicker, Line" on the band's Zarcorp Demo..comment "Heartbeat" is a song by British rock group Late of the Pier. It was released as a single on the 4 August 2008. It is the first Late of the Pier song to chart, coming in at number 98 in the UK Singles Chart. It is notable for its time signatures, alternating between 4/4 and 7/8 timing. The song was previously known to fans as "7beat", and was titled "Heatbeat, Flicker, Line" on the band's Zarcorp Demo..
10/49	==DB== Heartbeat.producer Ryuichi Sakamoto, David Sylvian , Satoshi Tomiie.released 1991-10-21.released 1992-07-28.lastAlbum The Sheltering Sky.nextAlbum Little Buddha.Heartbeat (Sakamoto album).Heartbeat is the ninth solo studio album by Ryuichi Sakamoto, released in 1991 by Virgin Records..comment Heartbeat is the ninth solo studio album by Ryuichi Sakamoto, released in 1991 by Virgin Records..
11/49	==DB== Heartbeat.producer Black Knight, DJ Corbett,  Justin Ebach, Jordin Endow, Epikh Pro, J.R., Joseph Love, Alex Medina, Carlin Muccular, S1.released 2014-04-15.lastAlbum Love Hope War.nextAlbum It's Complicated.Heartbeat (Da' T.R.U.T.H. album).Heartbeat is the seventh studio album from Christian hip hop recording artist Da' T.R.U.T.H., released on April 15, 2014 by Da' T.R.U.T.H.'s own label, Mixed Bag Records. It features artists such as Braille, Capital Kings, Chris August, Lecrae, Papa San, and Tedashii, and production by Black Knight, DJ Corbett, Justin Ebach, Jordin Endow, Epikh Pro, J.R., Joseph Love, Alex Medina, Carlin Muccular and S1..comment Heartbeat is the seventh studio album from Christian hip hop recording artist Da' T.R.U.T.H., released on April 15, 2014 by Da' T.R.U.T.H.'s own label, Mixed Bag Records. It features artists such as Braille, Capital Kings, Chris August, Lecrae, Papa San, and Tedashii, and production by Black Knight, DJ Corbett, Justin Ebach, Jordin Endow, Epikh Pro, J.R., Joseph Love, Alex Medina, Carlin Muccular and S1..
12/49	==DB== Heartbeat.length 175.0.released 2008-04-07.lastSingle "Elvis Ain't Dead".nextSingle "It's Not About You".Heartbeat (Scouting for Girls song)."Heartbeat" is a song by British band Scouting For Girls and the third single taken from their self-titled debut album. Its physical release was on 7 April 2008 and it peaked at #10 on the UK Singles Chart. It was nominated for Best British Single at the 2009 BRIT Awards..comment "Heartbeat" is a song by British band Scouting For Girls and the third single taken from their self-titled debut album. Its physical release was on 7 April 2008 and it peaked at #10 on the UK Singles Chart. It was nominated for Best British Single at the 2009 BRIT Awards..
13/49	==DB== Heartbeat.length 196.0.lastSingle "Il Duce".nextSingle "He's a Whore/The Model".trackNo 8.Heartbeat (Wire song)."Heartbeat" is a song written by Colin Newman and originally recorded and released in 1978 by the English rock band Wire on their second album Chairs Missing. Guest Kate Lukas played flute on the track. The song was not uncommon as either an opener or a closer of Wire's live sets at the time. Producer Mike Thorne has called it the band's "first overt love song"..comment "Heartbeat" is a song written by Colin Newman and originally recorded and released in 1978 by the English rock band Wire on their second album Chairs Missing. Guest Kate Lukas played flute on the track. The song was not uncommon as either an opener or a closer of Wire's live sets at the time. Producer Mike Thorne has called it the band's "first overt love song"..
14/49	==DB== Heartbeat.writer Jan Worthington.runtime 6000.0.released 1993-02-08.Heartbeat (1993 film).Heartbeat, also known as Danielle Steel's Heartbeat, is a 1993 television movie directed by Michael Miller and written by Jan Worthington based upon the 1991 novel of the same name by Danielle Steel for NBC. The film tells of a man who was abused as a child and, as a result, has no interest in having children of his own. When Adrian reveals to her husband that she is pregnant, her husband pressures her to have an abortion. Adrian rebuffs her husband's orders and he neglects her. The showrunner and Adrian's boss for the soap opera she writes and produces becomes romantically involved with her, eventually marrying her and helping Adrian raise her baby. John Ritter stars as the television producer, Polly Draper as Adrian, and Kevin Kilner portrays Adrian's husband. According to Hal Erickson, of Rovi, "the film was heavily criticized by time of its release, often called a 'yuppie love story.' " It also received an Emmy Award nomination in 1993 for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Costuming for a Mini Series or a Special..comment Heartbeat, also known as Danielle Steel's Heartbeat, is a 1993 television movie directed by Michael Miller and written by Jan Worthington based upon the 1991 novel of the same name by Danielle Steel for NBC. The film tells of a man who was abused as a child and, as a result, has no interest in having children of his own. When Adrian reveals to her husband that she is pregnant, her husband pressures her to have an abortion. Adrian rebuffs her husband's orders and he neglects her. The showrunner and Adrian's boss for the soap opera she writes and produces becomes romantically involved with her, eventually marrying her and helping Adrian raise her baby. John Ritter stars as the television producer, Polly Draper as Adrian, and Kevin Kilner portrays Adrian's husband..
15/49	==DB== Heartbeat International (disambiguation).
16/49	==DB== producer * Gerry Mill  * Archie Tait  * Steve Lanning  *.producer * Carol Wilks  * Stuart Doughty.runtime 60.0.creator Gerry Mill.related ''.related *.related * ''.showName Heartbeat.starring *.starring *  *.starring * Rupert Ward-Lewis *.numEpisodes 372.executiveProducer Keith Richardson.firstAired 1992-04-10.lastAired 2010-09-12.opentheme "Heartbeat" performed by Nick Berry.numSeries 18.Heartbeat (UK TV series).Heartbeat is a British police drama series set in 1960s North Riding of Yorkshire and broadcast on ITV in 18 series between 1992 and 2010. It was made by ITV Studios (formerly Yorkshire Television) at the Leeds Studios and on location. Heartbeat first aired on Friday 10 April 1992 (it was later moved to Sunday evenings). The 372nd and final episode aired on Sunday 12 September 2010. Heartbeat proved popular from the beginning, when early series consistently drew over 10 million viewers. In 2001, Heartbeat came sixth in the UK TV ratings list with a peak audience of 13.82 million, and it was sixth again in 2003, with 12.8 million viewers. In autumn 2008, typical viewing figures were around 6 million per episode. Originally conceived as a vehicle for Nick Berry, on whom early series centred, the show has seen many characters come and go over the years. The final series starred Derek Fowlds, William Simons, Tricia Penrose, David Lonsdale, Peter Benson, Steven Blakeley, John Duttine, Gwen Taylor, Lisa Kay, Clare Wille, Joe McFadden, Rupert Ward-Lewis, and Nikki Sanderson. Derek Fowlds and William Simons were the only main-cast actors who remained with the show over its entire 18-series run..comment Heartbeat is a British police drama series set in 1960s North Riding of Yorkshire and broadcast on ITV in 18 series between 1992 and 2010. It was made by ITV Studios (formerly Yorkshire Television) at the Leeds Studios and on location. Heartbeat first aired on Friday 10 April 1992 (it was later moved to Sunday evenings). The 372nd and final episode aired on Sunday 12 September 2010..
17/49	==DB== Heartbeat.genre *.producer Norman Petty.length 131.0.released 1958-11-05.format 7.0.bSide "Well ... All Right".lastSingle "Early in the Morning".nextSingle "It Doesn't Matter Anymore"".Heartbeat (Buddy Holly song)."Heartbeat" is a rockabilly song credited to Bob Montgomery and Norman Petty and originally recorded by Buddy Holly in 1958. The B-side of the single was "Well... All Right" (Buddy Holly, Norman Petty, Jerry Allison, Joe Mauldin)..comment "Heartbeat" is a rockabilly song credited to Bob Montgomery and Norman Petty and originally recorded by Buddy Holly in 1958. The B-side of the single was "Well... All Right" (Buddy Holly, Norman Petty, Jerry Allison, Joe Mauldin)..
18/49	==DB== Heartbeat Song.filename Kelly Clarkson - Heartbeat Song.ogg.title "Heartbeat Song".description According to Audra Mae, Kara DioGuardi came up with the lyric "This is my heartbeat song and I'm gonna play it!", as sung by Clarkson in this 26-second sample of "Heartbeat Song"..length 198.0.released 2015-01-12.lastSingle "Wrapped in Red".nextSingle "Invincible".Heartbeat Song (Kelly Clarkson song)."Heartbeat Song" is a song by American singer Kelly Clarkson from her seventh studio album, Piece by Piece (2015). Written by Mitch Allan, Audra Mae, Kara DioGuardi, and Jason Evigan, with additional co-writing credits by the members of the American band Jimmy Eat World, the song is an uptempo synthpop track produced by Greg Kurstin. Lyrically, it sings of meeting a person who restores someone's faith in love. Inspired by 1980s synthpop music, "Heartbeat Song" was released by RCA Records as the album's lead single on January 12, 2015. "Heartbeat Song" was released to a positive response from music critics, who complimented the song's production and praised Clarkson's decision to return to mainstream pop music. Other critics, however, noted the strong resemblance the song's melody bore to that of Jimmy Eat World's single "The Middle" (2001), which later allowed the band to be credited as additional songwriters. Commercially, the single debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 chart at number 37 and has peaked at number 21, marking Clarkson's sixteenth top 40 hit on the chart. It also became her fifth song to top the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart and marked as her highest debut among her twenty career entries on the Billboard Adult Top 40 chart. Internationally, it became a top ten hit single in Austria, Poland, South Africa and the United Kingdom while also becoming a top 20 hit in the national charts of the Czech Republic, Germany, Mexico, Slovakia and Sweden. Filmed by Marc Klasfeld, its accompanying music video features a scenes of various downtrodden people and their process of finding love again. Clarkson premiered "Heartbeat Song" in a live televised performance on The Graham Norton Show in February 2015 and has performed it on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and the fourteenth season of American Idol. The song was nominated for Best Pop Solo Performance at the 58th Annual Grammy Awards..comment "Heartbeat Song" is a song by American singer Kelly Clarkson from her seventh studio album, Piece by Piece (2015). Written by Mitch Allan, Audra Mae, Kara DioGuardi, and Jason Evigan, with additional co-writing credits by the members of the American band Jimmy Eat World, the song is an uptempo synthpop track produced by Greg Kurstin. Lyrically, it sings of meeting a person who restores someone's faith in love. Inspired by 1980s synthpop music, "Heartbeat Song" was released by RCA Records as the album's lead single on January 12, 2015..
19/49	==DB== Heartbeat.writer Isaac Slade and Joe King.length 218.0.released --10-11.recorded 2011.lastSingle "Syndicate".nextSingle "Run for Your Life".Heartbeat (The Fray song)."Heartbeat" is the first single from The Fray's third album Scars & Stories. The band premiered the song while opening for U2 on their U2 360° Tour in May 2011. The song was released for airplay on October 8, 2011, and was released for download in the United States on iTunes on October 11, 2011..comment "Heartbeat" is the first single from The Fray's third album Scars & Stories. The band premiered the song while opening for U2 on their U2 360° Tour in May 2011. The song was released for airplay on October 8, 2011, and was released for download in the United States on iTunes on October 11, 2011..
20/49	==DB== Heartbeat (The Runaways song).
21/49	==DB== Heartbeat (program).
22/49	==DB== Heartbeat network.In computer clusters, heartbeat network is a private network which is shared only by the cluster nodes, and is not accessible from outside the cluster. It is used by cluster nodes in order to monitor each node's status and communicate with each other. The heartbeat method uses the FIFO nature of the signals sent across the network. By making sure that all messages have been received, the system ensures that events can be properly ordered. In this communications protocol every node sends back a message in a given interval, say delta, in effect confirming that it is alive and has a heartbeat. These messages are viewed as control messages that help determine that the network includes no delayed messages. A receiver node called a "sink", maintains an ordered list of the received messages. Once a message with a timestamp later than the given marked time is received from every node, the system determines that all messages have been received, since the FIFO property ensures that the messages are ordered. In general, it is difficult to select a delta that is optimal for all applications. If delta is too small, it requires too much overhead and if it is large it results in performance degradation as everything waits for the next heartbeat signal..comment In computer clusters, heartbeat network is a private network which is shared only by the cluster nodes, and is not accessible from outside the cluster. It is used by cluster nodes in order to monitor each node's status and communicate with each other. The heartbeat method uses the FIFO nature of the signals sent across the network. By making sure that all messages have been received, the system ensures that events can be properly ordered..
23/49	==DB== Heartbeat.released 1987-09-30.lastAlbum Where the Fast Lane Ends.nextAlbum Monongahela.Heartbeat (The Oak Ridge Boys album).Heartbeat is the 13th country studio album by the American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys, released via MCA Records in 1987. The album includes the singles "Time In" and "True Heart". The album reached number 20 on Top Country Albums. "Love Without Mercy" was later a top 10 hit for Lee Roy Parnell in 1992..comment Heartbeat is the 13th country studio album by the American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys, released via MCA Records in 1987. The album includes the singles "Time In" and "True Heart". The album reached number 20 on Top Country Albums. "Love Without Mercy" was later a top 10 hit for Lee Roy Parnell in 1992..
24/49	==DB== Heartbeat.length 219.0.released 2013-07-26.artist Wilkinson featuring P Money & Arlissa.lastSingle "Take You Higher / Crunch".nextSingle "Afterglow".Heartbeat (Wilkinson song)."Heartbeat" is a song by the British record producer Wilkinson, featuring vocals from English grime MC P Money and English singer-songwriter Arlissa. It was released on 26 July 2013, through RAM Records, as the third single from his debut album Lazers Not Included. The song has peaked at number 169 on the UK Singles Chart and number 36 on the UK Dance Chart..comment "Heartbeat" is a song by the British record producer Wilkinson, featuring vocals from English grime MC P Money and English singer-songwriter Arlissa. It was released on 26 July 2013, through RAM Records, as the third single from his debut album Lazers Not Included. The song has peaked at number 169 on the UK Singles Chart and number 36 on the UK Dance Chart..
25/49	==DB== Heartbeat.length 2325.0.released 2015-11-06.Heartbeat (G.E.M. album).Heartbeat (Chinese: 新的心跳) is the fifth studio album of Hong Kong singer-songwriter. GEM. It was officially released on November 6, 2015, by Hummingbird Music. The album had gone through three years of production and it is G.E.M.'s first album to have all songs written by her and be accompanied by official music videos..comment Heartbeat (Chinese: 新的心跳) is the fifth studio album of Hong Kong singer-songwriter. GEM. It was officially released on November 6, 2015, by Hummingbird Music. The album had gone through three years of production and it is G.E.M.'s first album to have all songs written by her and be accompanied by official music videos..
26/49	==DB== Heartbeat.runtime 720.0.starring Romana Carén, Valentin Schreyer, Katrine Eichberger.Heartbeat (2012 film).Heartbeat is a 2012 Austrian short film directed by Romana Carén, about a happily married couple learning about a life changing diagnosis. The film is based on the stage play "Wintervögel" which had its world premiere in 2010 at the Theater Drachengasse..comment Heartbeat is a 2012 Austrian short film directed by Romana Carén, about a happily married couple learning about a life changing diagnosis. The film is based on the stage play "Wintervögel" which had its world premiere in 2010 at the Theater Drachengasse..
27/49	==DB== runtime 48.showName HeartBeat.numSeasons 2.numEpisodes 18.executiveProducer Aaron Spelling.executiveProducer Richard Shapiro.firstAired 1988-03-12.lastAired 1989-04-06.HeartBeat (1988 TV series).HeartBeat is an American television series in the medical drama genre. The series aired for two seasons on ABC from March 1988 to April 1989..comment HeartBeat is an American television series in the medical drama genre. The series aired for two seasons on ABC from March 1988 to April 1989..
28/49	==DB== Heartbeat 心跳.released 1999-10-01.Heartbeat (Ruby Lin album).Heartbeat (Chinese: 心跳) is Ruby Lin's first album. Lin began a singing career with a five track EP in 1999. It released in Hong Kong first amongst Asian countries. Its first single "Heartbeat" is only one Cantonese song in this album..comment Heartbeat (Chinese: 心跳) is Ruby Lin's first album. Lin began a singing career with a five track EP in 1999. It released in Hong Kong first amongst Asian countries. Its first single "Heartbeat" is only one Cantonese song in this album..
29/49	==DB== Heartbeat.producer Mark Taylor.writer *.writer *Enrique Iglesias *.filename Enrique Iglesias - Heartbeat ft. Nicole Scherzinger.ogg.title Enrique Iglesias - Heartbeat ft. Nicole Scherzinger.description "Heartbeat" is a mid-tempo dance ballad featuring a melody of futuristic piano notes..released 2010-06-08.artist Enrique Iglesias featuring Nicole Scherzinger.format *.lastSingle "I Like It".nextSingle "No Me Digas Que No".Heartbeat (Enrique Iglesias song)."Heartbeat" is a song by Spanish recording artist Enrique Iglesias. The song was written by Iglesias, along with his long-term collaborators Jamie Scott and Mark Taylor, for his ninth studio album Euphoria (2010). The mid-tempo ballad, produced by Taylor, features guest vocals from American recording artist Nicole Scherzinger. The song has a melody based on futuristic piano sounds and incorporates elements of dance music. The Rudi Wells' Open Heart Remix of the song later appeared on Scherzinger's debut studio album Killer Love (2011). The song was released as the album's third overall single, though it is the second English-language single, on 8 June 2010 in the United States and later in October 2010 France and the United Kingdom. Critics praised the song for the way that Iglesias and Scherzinger's voices complimented each other. An accompanying music video features the pair in emotive mood-lit scenes, where digitally produced colored heartbeats react as they interact with each and the lyrics of the song. Another version of the song titled as "Heartbeat (India Mix)" featuring Indian singer Sunidhi Chauhan was included on a Special Indian Edition of Euphoria..comment "Heartbeat" is a song by Spanish recording artist Enrique Iglesias. The song was written by Iglesias, along with his long-term collaborators Jamie Scott and Mark Taylor, for his ninth studio album Euphoria (2010). The mid-tempo ballad, produced by Taylor, features guest vocals from American recording artist Nicole Scherzinger. The song has a melody based on futuristic piano sounds and incorporates elements of dance music. The Rudi Wells' Open Heart Remix of the song later appeared on Scherzinger's debut studio album Killer Love (2011)..
30/49	==DB== Heartbeat.producer Gary Wilkinson.producer Gianfranco Bortolotti.producer Gary Butcher.producer B-side.writer Jimmy Somerville.London Records.format 12.0.bSide Remix.bSide "Up And Away".lastSingle 94.0.Heartbeat (Jimmy Somerville song)."Heartbeat" is the title of a 1995 song by Scottish pop singer-songwriter Jimmy Somerville, formerly the lead vocalist of the bands Bronski Beat and Communards. Released as a single from his second solo album Dare to Love (1995), "Heartbeat" peaked at #24 on the UK singles chart in February of that year. The song also topped the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play for one week in April 1995, becoming Somerville's first (and, to date, only) solo #1 on that chart. Backing vocals on the song are performed by Shawn Christopher and Yvonne Gage, both of whom are noted dance music singers in their own rights..comment "Heartbeat" is the title of a 1995 song by Scottish pop singer-songwriter Jimmy Somerville, formerly the lead vocalist of the bands Bronski Beat and Communards. Released as a single from his second solo album Dare to Love (1995), "Heartbeat" peaked at #24 on the UK singles chart in February of that year. The song also topped the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play for one week in April 1995, becoming Somerville's first (and, to date, only) solo #1 on that chart. Backing vocals on the song are performed by Shawn Christopher and Yvonne Gage, both of whom are noted dance music singers in their own rights..
31/49	==DB== Heartbeat.producer *.producer *Chas Sandford.length 2536.0.length 4071.0.nextAlbum Let It Roll.Heartbeat (Don Johnson album).Heartbeat is an album released by American television actor Don Johnson in September 1986 on Epic Records. In the United States, the album reached #17 on the Billboard 200 album chart in October 1986 and was certified Gold by the RIAA in November 1986. The title track became a top 5 hit, peaking at #5 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. In 1998, the album was reissued by Razor & Tie with six additional tracks from Johnson's follow-up LP, Let It Roll..comment Heartbeat is an album released by American television actor Don Johnson in September 1986 on Epic Records. In the United States, the album reached #17 on the Billboard 200 album chart in October 1986 and was certified Gold by the RIAA in November 1986. The title track became a top 5 hit, peaking at #5 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. In 1998, the album was reissued by Razor & Tie with six additional tracks from Johnson's follow-up LP, Let It Roll..
32/49	==DB== Heartbeat.producer Zach Crowell.writer Carrie Underwood.19.released 2015-11-30.lastSingle "Smoke Break".nextSingle "Church Bells".Heartbeat (Carrie Underwood song)."Heartbeat" is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Carrie Underwood from her fifth studio album, Storyteller. It was written by Underwood, Ashley Gorley and the song's producer, Zach Crowell. Country singer Sam Hunt sings backing vocals on the track. The song was released to the radio by Arista Nashville on November 30, 2015 as the album's second single, after "Smoke Break". Musically, "Heartbeat" is a country pop and a R&B song with lyrics that relate to the feeling of intimacy experienced by being alone with one's lover. It appears to be inspired by Underwood's marriage to Mike Fisher. "Heartbeat" was met with positive reviews from music critics and became a commercial success. It reached number one on the Billboard Country Airplay chart, becoming Underwood's 14th leader on the chart, widening her record for the most number-one's among women in the history of the chart. It also topped the Billboard Canada Country chart. The song received its first televised performance on the twelfth season of The X Factor on November 29, 2015. Underwood has since performed the song live on television at the 2015 American Music Awards and at the 58th Grammy Awards (along with Hunt)..comment "Heartbeat" is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Carrie Underwood from her fifth studio album, Storyteller. It was written by Underwood, Ashley Gorley and the song's producer, Zach Crowell. Country singer Sam Hunt sings backing vocals on the track. The song was released to the radio by Arista Nashville on November 30, 2015 as the album's second single, after "Smoke Break". Musically, "Heartbeat" is a country pop and a R&B song with lyrics that relate to the feeling of intimacy experienced by being alone with one's lover. It appears to be inspired by Underwood's marriage to Mike Fisher..
33/49	==DB== Heartbeats.length 231.0.released --10-04.released --12-27.format 12.0.nextSingle "You Take My Breath Away".Heartbeats (song)."Heartbeats" is the first single from The Knife's 2003 album Deep Cuts, released in Sweden on 27 December 2002 and re-released on 4 October 2004. The song was listed at #15 on Pitchfork Media's top 500 songs of the 2000s and at #87 on Rolling Stone's top 100 songs of the 2000s. In October 2011, NME placed it at number 95 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years". Adjectives used to describe the music were "haunting" and "electro". In Robert Dimery's book 1000 Songs: You Must Hear Before You Die, it was said : "The Stockholm sibling's love of synth pop, minimal beats and electronica create together a moving masterpiece. Singer Karin Dreijer Andersson's hypnotic vocals recall both Björk and Siouxsie Sioux with her icy delivery of magical lines". The song was covered by many acts such as José González, Scala & Kolacny Brothers and Ellie Goulding..comment "Heartbeats" is the first single from The Knife's 2003 album Deep Cuts, released in Sweden on 27 December 2002 and re-released on 4 October 2004. The song was listed at #15 on Pitchfork Media's top 500 songs of the 2000s and at #87 on Rolling Stone's top 100 songs of the 2000s. In October 2011, NME placed it at number 95 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years". The song was covered by many acts such as José González, Scala & Kolacny Brothers and Ellie Goulding..
34/49	==DB== Heartbeat (Steps song).
35/49	==DB== Heartbeat.runtime 6120.0.budget 1200000.0.released 1946-05-10.editing J.R. Whittredge.Heartbeat (1946 film).Heartbeat is a 1946 American romantic drama film directed by Sam Wood and starring Ginger Rogers..comment Heartbeat is a 1946 American romantic drama film directed by Sam Wood and starring Ginger Rogers..
36/49	==DB== runtime 2580.0.showName Heartbeat.starring *.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 10.executiveProducer *.executiveProducer *Jill Gordon *.company Reveal.company P.D. Oliver Inc.company Molly Bloom Productions.firstAired 2016-03-22.lastAired 2016-05-25.Heartbeat (2016 TV series).Heartbeat (formerly Heartbreaker during production) is an American medical drama television series based on the real life of Dr. Kathy Magliato, as described in her book Heart Matters. It stars Melissa George as Alex Panttiere, a world-renowned heart-transplant surgeon at the fictional St. Matthew's Hospital in Los Angeles, who struggles to balance her personal and professional life. The series premiered on March 22, 2016, on NBC. On May 13, 2016 NBC canceled the series after one season..comment Heartbeat (formerly Heartbreaker during production) is an American medical drama television series based on the real life of Dr. Kathy Magliato, as described in her book Heart Matters. It stars Melissa George as Alex Panttiere, a world-renowned heart-transplant surgeon at the fictional St. Matthew's Hospital in Los Angeles, who struggles to balance her personal and professional life. The series premiered on March 22, 2016, on NBC. On May 13, 2016 NBC canceled the series after one season..
37/49	==DB== Heartbeat.writer Małgorzata Jamroży, Joakim Buddee.released 2015-02-23.lastSingle "Start a Fire".nextSingle "Just the Two of Us".Heartbeat (Margaret song)."Heartbeat" is a single by Polish singer Margaret. The song was released as the third single from the album Add the Blonde on February 23, 2015. It was written by Margaret and Joakim Buddee. The single reached number 11 on the Polish Airplay Chart..comment "Heartbeat" is a single by Polish singer Margaret. The song was released as the third single from the album Add the Blonde on February 23, 2015. It was written by Margaret and Joakim Buddee. The single reached number 11 on the Polish Airplay Chart..
38/49	==DB== Heart Beat.producer Tony Hendrik, Karin Hartmann.Coconut Records (258 017).length 2661.0.released 1986-10-19.lastAlbum Hot Girls, Bad Boys.nextAlbum Love Is No Crime.Heartbeat (Bad Boys Blue album).Heart Beat is the second studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue released on October 19, 1986 by Coconut Records. The album includes two international hits: "I Wanna Hear Your Heartbeat (Sunday Girl)" and "Kisses And Tears (My One And Only)". Three singles were also released from the record. Sometimes the name of the album is spelled as Heartbeat..comment Heart Beat is the second studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue released on October 19, 1986 by Coconut Records. The album includes two international hits: "I Wanna Hear Your Heartbeat (Sunday Girl)" and "Kisses And Tears (My One And Only)". Three singles were also released from the record. Sometimes the name of the album is spelled as Heartbeat..
39/49	==DB== Heartbeat.writer Annie, Svein Berge, Torbjørn Brundtland.679.length 185.0.released 2004-11-29.bSide "Kiss Me".lastSingle "Chewing Gum".nextSingle "Happy Without You".Heartbeat (Annie song)."Heartbeat" is a pop song written by Röyksopp and Norwegian singer Annie for Annie's 2004 debut album Anniemal. It was released with the title "My Heart Beat" as the album's second single in November 2004 (see 2004 in music). The lyrics of "Heartbeat" describe finding new love at a nightclub, surrounded by close friends. The song received acclaim from music critics. "Heartbeat" was listed at #1 on Pitchfork Media's top 50 singles of 2004 and at #17 on its list of the top 500 songs of the 2000s. It was also featured in two scenes of Melissa P, an Italian movie based on the writer's first novel..comment "Heartbeat" is a pop song written by Röyksopp and Norwegian singer Annie for Annie's 2004 debut album Anniemal. It was released with the title "My Heart Beat" as the album's second single in November 2004 (see 2004 in music). The lyrics of "Heartbeat" describe finding new love at a nightclub, surrounded by close friends. The song received acclaim from music critics. "Heartbeat" was listed at #1 on Pitchfork Media's top 50 singles of 2004 and at #17 on its list of the top 500 songs of the 2000s. It was also featured in two scenes of Melissa P, an Italian movie based on the writer's first novel..
40/49	==DB== Heartbeat.genre -.producer Kaspars Ansons.length 176.0.released 2016-02-03.nextSingle "Ko Tu Dari?".Heartbeat (Justs song)."Heartbeat" is a song performed by Latvian singer Justs. The song represented Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016, and was written by previous Latvian Eurovision entrant Aminata Savadogo. The song was released as a digital download on 3 February 2016 through Aminata Music..comment "Heartbeat" is a song performed by Latvian singer Justs. The song represented Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016, and was written by previous Latvian Eurovision entrant Aminata Savadogo. The song was released as a digital download on 3 February 2016 through Aminata Music..
41/49	==DB== 
42/49	==DB== Heartbeat.length 234.0.bSide "Requiem".lastSingle "Thela Hun Ginjeet".Heartbeat (King Crimson song)."Heartbeat" is a song by the band King Crimson, released as a single in 1982. The song was recorded by King Crimson guitarist and singer Adrian Belew for his 1990 solo album, Young Lions. In the beginning of the music video there is a stream of faces blending into one another, one of the earliest examples of the dissolving/morphing technique which would later be employed in Godley & Creme's "Cry" and Michael Jackson's "Black or White"..comment "Heartbeat" is a song by the band King Crimson, released as a single in 1982. The song was recorded by King Crimson guitarist and singer Adrian Belew for his 1990 solo album, Young Lions. In the beginning of the music video there is a stream of faces blending into one another, one of the earliest examples of the dissolving/morphing technique which would later be employed in Godley & Creme's "Cry" and Michael Jackson's "Black or White"..
43/49	==DB== Heartbeat.producer Kenton Nix.writer Kenton Nix.West End ).length 574.0.format 12.0.Heartbeat (Taana Gardner song)."Heartbeat" is a 1981 dance single by Taana Gardner. It was arranged by Dennis Weeden and Kenton Nix, and released by West End Records, with the more famous club mix created by Larry Levan. It reached US Billboard R&B at #10, US Billboard Dance charts at #6. It has sold over 800,000 copies..comment "Heartbeat" is a 1981 dance single by Taana Gardner. It was arranged by Dennis Weeden and Kenton Nix, and released by West End Records, with the more famous club mix created by Larry Levan. It reached US Billboard R&B at #10, US Billboard Dance charts at #6. It has sold over 800,000 copies..
44/49	==DB== Heartbeats.producer Xavier Dolan.producer Carole Mondello.producer Daniel Morin.writer Xavier Dolan.runtime 6060.0.starring Xavier Dolan.budget CAD$600,000.editing Xavier Dolan.gross 588383.0.Heartbeats (film).Heartbeats (French: Les Amours imaginaires) is a 2010 Canadian drama film directed by Xavier Dolan. It follows the story of two friends who both fall in love with the same man. It premiered in the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival..comment Heartbeats (French: Les Amours imaginaires) is a 2010 Canadian drama film directed by Xavier Dolan. It follows the story of two friends who both fall in love with the same man. It premiered in the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival..
45/49	==DB== Heartbeat 1521.
46/49	==DB== Heartbeat.length 2770.0.released 2011-06-24.Heartbeat (Sarah Engels album).Heartbeat is the debut album from German singer and runner-up of Deutschland sucht den Superstar, Sarah Engels. It was released on June 24, 2011 and produced by Dieter Bohlen. The first single released from the album "Call My Name" was released on 7 May 2011, the following second single "I Miss You" was released on 17 June 2011..comment Heartbeat is the debut album from German singer and runner-up of Deutschland sucht den Superstar, Sarah Engels. It was released on June 24, 2011 and produced by Dieter Bohlen. The first single released from the album "Call My Name" was released on 7 May 2011, the following second single "I Miss You" was released on 17 June 2011..
47/49	==DB== Heartbeat.producer Curtis Mayfield, Bunny Sigler, Norman Harris, Ronald Tyson.length 2692.0.lastAlbum ''Do It All Night.nextAlbum Something to Believe In.Heartbeat (Curtis Mayfield album).Heartbeat is an album by Curtis Mayfield. This 1979 offering mixed disco rhythms with soul balladeering. Future Temptation Ron Tyson contributed to some of the songwriting and production. "Tell Me, Tell Me (How Ya Like to be Loved)" was remixed for a 12" by Fred Breitberg and Michael Hearn and the duet with Linda Clifford "Between You Baby and Me", edited as a single, was also issued on The right combination, an album of duets between both singers released in 1980. It's the first Mayfield album he didn't produce entirely: Norman Harris and Ronald Tyson produced two songs, Bunny Sigler three and Mayfield three. He wrote and produced an additional song, "Tomorrow night for sure", that surfaced in 1990 on the collection Of All Time / Classic Collection. Not on the original LP, "Tomorrow night for sure" is also available on the Japanese re-issue of Heartbeat as an additional track (1998) and on an expanded British CD re-issue of 'The right combination (1999)..comment Heartbeat is an album by Curtis Mayfield. This 1979 offering mixed disco rhythms with soul balladeering. Future Temptation Ron Tyson contributed to some of the songwriting and production. "Tell Me, Tell Me (How Ya Like to be Loved)" was remixed for a 12" by Fred Breitberg and Michael Hearn and the duet with Linda Clifford "Between You Baby and Me", edited as a single, was also issued on The right combination, an album of duets between both singers released in 1980. It's the first Mayfield album he didn't produce entirely: Norman Harris and Ronald Tyson produced two songs, Bunny Sigler three and Mayfield three. He wrote and produced an additional song, "Tomorrow night for sure", that surfaced in 1990 on the collection Of All Time / Classic Collection. Not on the original LP, "Tomorrow night.
48/49	==DB== Heartbeat.producer Hazel Kaneswaran, Jonas Gladnikoff, Rasmus Palmgren, Patrizia Helander, Chris O'Brien, Graham Murphy, Eric McCarthy, David Kaneswaran.writer Hazel Kaneswaran, Jonas Gladnikoff, Rasmus Palmgren, Patrizia Helander.filename Can-Linn Heartbeat.ogg.title "Heartbeat".description 17.0.released 2014-02-21.artist Can-Linn feat. Kasey Smith.Heartbeat (Can-linn song)."Heartbeat" is a song by Irish group Can-Linn featuring Irish singer Kasey Smith. The song is written by Jonas Gladnikoff, Rasmus Palmgren, Patrizia Helander and Hazel Kaneswaran. It was chosen to represent Ireland at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark. The song competed in the second semi-final but failed to qualify to the final..comment "Heartbeat" is a song by Irish group Can-Linn featuring Irish singer Kasey Smith. The song is written by Jonas Gladnikoff, Rasmus Palmgren, Patrizia Helander and Hazel Kaneswaran. It was chosen to represent Ireland at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark. The song competed in the second semi-final but failed to qualify to the final..
49/49	==DB== The Heartbeats.The Heartbeats were a 1950s American doo-wop group best known for their song "A Thousand Miles Away", which charted at #53 in the US Billboard listings in 1957. The Heartbeats began as a quartet in early 1953 in Jamaica, Queens as "The Hearts", consisting of baritone Vernon Sievers, bass Wally Roker, first tenor Albert Crump, and second tenor Robbie Tatum. When it was later discovered that there was a female group of the same name (who scored a minor Billboard hit with "Lonely Nights"), the male group extended their name to "Heartbeats". They were signed shortly after James "Shep" Sheppard joined the group as lead vocalist and were shuffled between various production companies and record labels over the next few years. The group split up in 1959 and Sheppard went on to form Shep and the Limelites. Roker remained in the music business as a promoter while the other group members went on to other professions. James Sheppard died under mysterious circumstances in 1970. On May 13, 2003, the four original surviving Heartbeats, joined by Walter Crump (Albert's brother) on lead vocals, reunited for the PBS special Rock and Roll at 50 at the Benedum Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Later that same year on December 27, they reunited again for their 50th anniversary at a meeting of the United in Group Harmony Association in New Jersey. Albert Crump and Robbie Tatum retired from performing shortly thereafter. The Heartbeats recently consisted of original members Wally Roker (bass) and Vernon Sievers (baritone), lead vocalist Walter Crump, and two members of the 1980s lineup of Shep & The Limelites, Ron Bassett (second tenor) and Randy Reid (first tenor). Original first tenor Albert Crump died of cancer on October 3, 2012 at age 75. Wally Roker died on December 2, 2015 following brain surgery, at the age of 78..comment The Heartbeats were a 1950s American doo-wop group best known for their song "A Thousand Miles Away", which charted at #53 in the US Billboard listings in 1957. The Heartbeats began as a quartet in early 1953 in Jamaica, Queens as "The Hearts", consisting of baritone Vernon Sievers, bass Wally Roker, first tenor Albert Crump, and second tenor Robbie Tatum. When it was later discovered that there was a female group of the same name (who scored a minor Billboard hit with "Lonely Nights"), the male group extended their name to "Heartbeats". They were signed shortly after James "Shep" Sheppard joined the group as lead vocalist and were shuffled between various production companies and record labels over the next few years. The group split up in 1959 and Sheppard went on to form Shep and the Li.
===53	heavy metal	20
1/20	==DB== title Heavy Metal.season 1.airdate 2008-02-04.episode 4.Heavy Metal (Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles)."Heavy Metal" is the fourth episode of the American television series Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. Aired on February 4, 2008, this episode features the discovery and stymieing of another Terminator and its preparatory mission to artificially bolster Skynet's future war resources, as well as Cromartie's realization of his new human disguise..comment "Heavy Metal" is the fourth episode of the American television series Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. Aired on February 4, 2008, this episode features the discovery and stymieing of another Terminator and its preparatory mission to artificially bolster Skynet's future war resources, as well as Cromartie's realization of his new human disguise..
2/20	==DB== Heavy Metal (cricket).
3/20	==DB== Heavy Metal (Marvel Comics).
4/20	==DB== Toxic heavy metal.A toxic heavy metal is any relatively dense metal or metalloid that is noted for its potential toxicity, especially in environmental contexts. The term has particular application to cadmium, mercury, lead and arsenic, all of which appear in the World Health Organisation's list of 10 chemicals of major public concern. Other examples include manganese, chromium, cobalt, nickel, copper, zinc, selenium, silver, antimony and thallium. Heavy metals are found naturally in the earth. They become concentrated as a result of human caused activities and can enter plant, animal, and human tissues via inhalation, diet, and manual handling. Then, they can bind to and interfere with the functioning of vital cellular components. The toxic effects of arsenic, mercury, and lead were known to the ancients, but methodical studies of the toxicity of some heavy metals appear to date from only 1868. In humans, heavy metal poisoning is generally treated by the administration of chelating agents. Some elements otherwise regarded as toxic heavy metals are essential, in small quantities, for human health..comment A toxic heavy metal is any relatively dense metal or metalloid that is noted for its potential toxicity, especially in environmental contexts. The term has particular application to cadmium, mercury, lead and arsenic, all of which appear in the World Health Organisation's list of 10 chemicals of major public concern. Other examples include manganese, chromium, cobalt, nickel, copper, zinc, selenium, silver, antimony and thallium..
5/20	==DB== Heavy Metal (G.I. Joe).Heavy Metal is a fictional character from the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero toyline, comic books and cartoon series. He is the G.I. Joe Team's M.B.T. Mauler Tank driver and debuted in 1985..comment Heavy Metal is a fictional character from the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero toyline, comic books and cartoon series. He is the G.I. Joe Team's M.B.T. Mauler Tank driver and debuted in 1985..
6/20	==DB== Heavy Metal: a Tank Company's Battle to Baghdad.Heavy Metal: a Tank Company's Battle to Baghdad is a book by Captain Jason Conroy with Ron Martz published in 2005 by Potomac Books. In Heavy Metal, Conroy and Martz provide an up-close and very personal view of the sometimes vicious fighting that took place almost from the time the unit crossed the border from Kuwait until it got to Baghdad. The book chronicles the making of Charlie Company, following it from its home base at Fort Stewart, Georgia, to training in the deserts of California and Kuwait. It provides details of fighting on the road to Baghdad, including a key battle at the holy city of Najaf, where militias and Fedayeen Saddam used suicide tactics in a fruitless effort to stop the 70-ton M1A1 Abrams tanks. Heavy Metal is Capt. Conroy's account of what went right and what went wrong in Iraq from the start of the war. It demonstrates how Conroy and his soldiers were able to overcome supply shortages, intelligence failures, and weather of Biblical ferocity in their battle for downtown Baghdad, a place they were originally told they would never take their tanks. The book tells how young soldiers were able to overcome numerous obstacles and adversities and adapt to ever-changing conditions all the while under constant enemy fire for more than a month. Just south of Baghdad, in the city of Mahmudiyah, Charlie Company engaged in a battle with Soviet-made T-72 tanks at point-blank range, a tactic that is not part of Army doctrine and something for which the young soldiers had not trained. Heavy Metal also for the first time reveals what really happened at the Iraqi National Museum in Baghdad; how Iraqi Special Republican Guard soldiers used the museum as a defensive position; how museum employees and others hid most of the artifacts before the fighting began; and how the number of items stolen was exaggerated by a member of the museum staff in interviews with international media in an apparent effort to discredit the American military. Through the personal accounts of the young troopers of Charlie Co., Heavy Metal tells much about the quality of today’s American soldier, about 21st-century desert and urban warfare and how the Army should prepare to fight future wars..comment Heavy Metal: a Tank Company's Battle to Baghdad is a book by Captain Jason Conroy with Ron Martz published in 2005 by Potomac Books. In Heavy Metal, Conroy and Martz provide an up-close and very personal view of the sometimes vicious fighting that took place almost from the time the unit crossed the border from Kuwait until it got to Baghdad. The book tells how young soldiers were able to overcome numerous obstacles and adversities and adapt to ever-changing conditions all the while under constant enemy fire for more than a month..
7/20	==SS== {{syn|pt|metal|[[rock pauleira]] {{q|dated}}}} 
8/20	==DB== Heavy Metal Music.length 3423.0.released 2013-08-06.lastAlbum Metal.Heavy Metal Music (album).Heavy Metal Music is the only studio album from heavy metal band Newsted. The album was released on August 6, 2013. It is the first Newsted release to feature guitarist Mike Mushok who joined the band following their debut release EP, Metal (2013). The album is the band's only full-length release, since bassist Jason Newsted "shut down" the project in early 2014..comment Heavy Metal Music is the only studio album from heavy metal band Newsted. The album was released on August 6, 2013. It is the first Newsted release to feature guitarist Mike Mushok who joined the band following their debut release EP, Metal (2013). The album is the band's only full-length release, since bassist Jason Newsted "shut down" the project in early 2014..
9/20	==DB== publisher Sega.title Heavy Metal: Geomatrix.released Dreamcast.released --07-12.released Arcade.released 2001.Heavy Metal: Geomatrix.Heavy Metal: Geomatrix is a fully 3D arena fighting video game released in 2001 by both Sega and Capcom for the Sega NAOMI and Dreamcast, based upon the Heavy Metal license. Using similar perspective and control scheme to Capcom's Spawn: In the Demon's Hand, the game presents up to 4 players combats in large arenas in what is seen as a follow up to the basics of Capcom's Power Stone series, although more oriented to weapon fighting/shooting and a serious and dark cyberpunk tone because of the Heavy Metal universe setting. The game features a soundtrack of licensed music by artists such as Megadeth, Halford, W.A.S.P., Corrosion of Conformity and Dust to Dust. A soundtrack CD featuring songs used in the game as well as songs from other artists was released by Sanctuary Records to tie in with the game..comment Heavy Metal: Geomatrix is a fully 3D arena fighting video game released in 2001 by both Sega and Capcom for the Sega NAOMI and Dreamcast, based upon the Heavy Metal license. Using similar perspective and control scheme to Capcom's Spawn: In the Demon's Hand, the game presents up to 4 players combats in large arenas in what is seen as a follow up to the basics of Capcom's Power Stone series, although more oriented to weapon fighting/shooting and a serious and dark cyberpunk tone because of the Heavy Metal universe setting. The game features a soundtrack of licensed music by artists such as Megadeth, Halford, W.A.S.P., Corrosion of Conformity and Dust to Dust. A soundtrack CD featuring songs used in the game as well as songs from other artists was released by Sanctuary Records to tie in with.
10/20	==SS== 
11/20	==DB== title Heavy Metal.issn 885.founder Leonard Mogel.imageSize 200.editor Grant Morrison.editorTitle Editor In Chief.Heavy Metal (magazine).Heavy Metal is an American science fiction and fantasy comics magazine, known primarily for its blend of dark fantasy/science fiction and erotica. In the mid-1970s, while publisher Leonard Mogel was in Paris to jump-start the French edition of National Lampoon, he discovered the French science-fantasy magazine Métal Hurlant which had debuted January 1975. The French title translates literally as "Howling Metal". When Mogel licensed the American version, he chose to rename it, and Heavy Metal began in the U.S. in April 1977 as a glossy, full-color monthly. Initially, it displayed translations of graphic stories originally published in Métal Hurlant, including work by Enki Bilal, Philippe Caza, Guido Crepax, Philippe Druillet, Jean-Claude Forest, Jean Giraud (aka Moebius) and Milo Manara. The magazine later ran Stefano Tamburini and Tanino Liberatore's ultra-violent RanXerox. Since the color pages had already been shot in France, the budget to reproduce them in the U.S. version was greatly reduced..comment Heavy Metal is an American science fiction and fantasy comics magazine, known primarily for its blend of dark fantasy/science fiction and erotica. In the mid-1970s, while publisher Leonard Mogel was in Paris to jump-start the French edition of National Lampoon, he discovered the French science-fantasy magazine Métal Hurlant which had debuted January 1975. The French title translates literally as "Howling Metal"..
12/20	==DB== title Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.².released Mac OS.released --08-04.released '''Microsoft Windows,.Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.².Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.² is a third-person shooter video game made by Ritual Entertainment in 2000. A computer game sequel to the Heavy Metal 2000 animated movie, the game stars Julie in her quest to save her home planet of Eden from GITH, an ancient entity seeking to conquer the universe. Using a variety of weapons, Julie must now fight off GITH's forces while at the same time uncovering a secret hidden deep within the planet. FAKK2 allows players to pair up and use two weapons at the same time depending on the situation - for example, sword and shield for maximum defense, sword and UZI for both range and melee capability, or dual-wield UZIs for maximum firepower. Players can also block enemy attacks and execute powerful combo moves to deal even deadlier blows to their enemies. The game uses the Quake III Arena engine (modified with Ritual's ÜberTools) and combines action with puzzle-solving. The game was ported to Linux by Loki Software, who had previously ported Quake III Arena to Linux..comment Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.² is a third-person shooter video game made by Ritual Entertainment in 2000. A computer game sequel to the Heavy Metal 2000 animated movie, the game stars Julie in her quest to save her home planet of Eden from GITH, an ancient entity seeking to conquer the universe. Using a variety of weapons, Julie must now fight off GITH's forces while at the same time uncovering a secret hidden deep within the planet..
13/20	==DB== Heavy Metal.birthDate 1970-10-04.names Heavy Metal.names Canelo Casas.billed Mexico City, Distrito Federal.trainer Pepe Casas.trainer Raúl Reyes.debut 1988-02-14.Heavy Metal (wrestler).Erick Francisco Casas Ruiz  is a Mexican professional wrestler currently working under the ring name Heavy Metal for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA). He is the son of referee Pepe Casas and part of the Casas wrestling family; the brother of Negro Casas and Felino..comment Erick Francisco Casas Ruiz  is a Mexican professional wrestler currently working under the ring name Heavy Metal for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA). He is the son of referee Pepe Casas and part of the Casas wrestling family; the brother of Negro Casas and Felino..
14/20	==DB== Heavy Metal 2000 OST.Heavy Metal 2000.screenplay Robert P. Cabeen.runtime 5280.0.length 4427.0.budget 1.5E7.music [[#Soundtrack.released 2000-04-18.lastAlbum ''Heavy Metal OST.Heavy Metal 2000.Heavy Metal 2000 (also known as Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.² outside North America) is a 2000 Canadian-German direct-to-video adult animated science fiction film produced by Jacques Pettigrew and Michel Lemire, and directed by Michael Coldewey and Lemire. Starring the voices of Michael Ironside, Julie Strain, and Billy Idol, the film is the follow-up to the 1981 animated cult film Heavy Metal, which is based on the fantasy magazine of the same name. The story is based on the graphic novel, The Melting Pot, written by Kevin Eastman, Simon Bisley and Eric Talbot. The film was made by CinéGroupe, a studio based in Montreal, Quebec..comment Heavy Metal 2000 (also known as Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.² outside North America) is a 2000 Canadian-German direct-to-video adult animated science fiction film produced by Jacques Pettigrew and Michel Lemire, and directed by Michael Coldewey and Lemire. Starring the voices of Michael Ironside, Julie Strain, and Billy Idol, the film is the follow-up to the 1981 animated cult film Heavy Metal, which is based on the fantasy magazine of the same name. The story is based on the graphic novel, The Melting Pot, written by Kevin Eastman, Simon Bisley and Eric Talbot. The film was made by CinéGroupe, a studio based in Montreal, Quebec..
15/20	==SS== Any metal that has a specific gravity greater than about 5, especially one, such as lead, that is poisonous and may be a hazard in the environment.
16/20	==DB== Heavy metals.Heavy metals are generally defined as metals with relatively high densities, atomic weights, or atomic numbers. The criteria used, and whether metalloids are included, vary depending on the author and context. In metallurgy, for example, a heavy metal may be defined on the basis of density, whereas in physics the distinguishing criterion might be atomic number, while a chemist would likely be more concerned with chemical behaviour. More specific definitions have been published but none of these have been widely accepted. The definitions surveyed in this article encompass up to 92 elements; only mercury, lead and bismuth meet all of them. Despite this lack of agreement the term (plural or singular) is widely used in science. A density of more than 5 g/cm3 is sometimes quoted as a commonly used criterion and is used in the body of this article. The earliest known metals—common metals such as iron, copper, and tin, and precious metals such as silver, gold, and platinum—are heavy metals. From 1809 onwards, light metals, such as magnesium, aluminium, and titanium, were discovered, as well as less well-known heavy metals like gallium, thallium, and hafnium. Some heavy metals are either essential nutrients (typically iron, cobalt, and zinc), or relatively harmless (such as ruthenium, silver, and indium) but can be toxic in large amounts or certain forms. Other heavy metals, like cadmium, mercury, and lead, are notably toxic. Potential sources of heavy metal poisoning include mining and industrial wastes, agricultural runoff, occupational exposure, and contact with lead-based paints. Physical and chemical characterisations of heavy metals need to be treated with caution as the metals involved are not always consistently defined. As well as being relatively dense, heavy metals tend to be less reactive than lighter metals and have much less soluble sulfides and hydroxides. While it is relatively easy to distinguish a heavy metal such as tungsten from a lighter metal such as sodium, a few heavy metals such as zinc, mercury, and lead have some of the characteristics of lighter metals, and lighter metals such as beryllium, scandium, and titanium have some of the characteristics of heavier metals. Heavy metals are relatively scarce in the Earth's crust but are present in many aspects of modern life. They are used in, for example, golf clubs, cars, antiseptics, self-cleaning ovens, plastics, solar panels, mobile phones, and particle accelerators..comment Heavy metals are generally defined as metals with relatively high densities, atomic weights, or atomic numbers. The criteria used, and whether metalloids are included, vary depending on the author and context. In metallurgy, for example, a heavy metal may be defined on the basis of density, whereas in physics the distinguishing criterion might be atomic number, while a chemist would likely be more concerned with chemical behaviour. More specific definitions have been published but none of these have been widely accepted. The definitions surveyed in this article encompass up to 92 elements; only mercury, lead and bismuth meet all of them. Despite this lack of agreement the term (plural or singular) is widely used in science. A density of more than 5 g/cm3 is sometimes quoted as a commonly u.
17/20	==DB== Heavy Metal (Clap Your Hands Say Yeah song).
18/20	==DB== Heavy Metal (Sliders).
19/20	==DB== Heavy Metal.producer Animation director:.runtime 5400.0.country United States.country Canada.basedOn Original art and stories.basedOn by Richard Corben.basedOn Thomas Warkentin.nextAlbum Heavy Metal 2000 OST.Heavy Metal (film).Heavy Metal is a 1981 Canadian-American adult animated anthology science fiction fantasy film directed by Gerald Potterton and produced by Ivan Reitman and Leonard Mogel, who also was the publisher of Heavy Metal magazine, the basis for the film. The screenplay was written by Daniel Goldberg and Len Blum. The film was the sixth animated feature film to be presented in Dolby surround sound. The film is an anthology of various science fiction and fantasy stories adapted from Heavy Metal magazine and original stories in the same spirit. Like the magazine, the film features a great deal of graphic violence, sexuality, and nudity. Its production was expedited by having several animation houses working simultaneously on different segments, including CinéGroupe and Atkinson Film-Arts. A sequel titled Heavy Metal 2000 was released in 2000..comment Heavy Metal is a 1981 Canadian-American adult animated anthology science fiction fantasy film directed by Gerald Potterton and produced by Ivan Reitman and Leonard Mogel, who also was the publisher of Heavy Metal magazine, the basis for the film. The screenplay was written by Daniel Goldberg and Len Blum. The film was the sixth animated feature film to be presented in Dolby surround sound. A sequel titled Heavy Metal 2000 was released in 2000..
20/20	==DB== Heavy metal.filename Heavy rythmic pattern audio.ogg.filename Led Zeppelin Whole Lotta Love.ogg.filename 29.0.filename Van Halen Hot for Teacher.ogg.filename Angel of Death clip.ogg.filename Obituary Suffocation.ogg.filename Mayhem De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas.ogg.filename Helloween_halloween.ogg.filename Burning Witch Country Doctor.ogg.filename Panterawalk.ogg.title Rhythmic Pattern Audio.title "Whole Lotta Love".title "Purgatory".title "Hot for Teacher".title "Angel of Death".title "Suffocation".title "De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas".title "Halloween".title "Country Doctor".title "Walk" by Pantera.description Sample of "Whole Lotta Love" by Led Zeppelin, from Led Zeppelin II . The heavy riff-based song, using lyrics culled from the blues..description Sample of "Purgatory" by Iron Maiden, from the album Killers . The early Iron Maiden sound was a mix of punk rock speed and heavy metal guitar work typical of the new wave of British heavy metal..description Sample of "Hot for Teacher" by Van Halen, from the album 1984 . This sample demonstrates their sound's similarity to the glam metal style..description Slayer's "Angel of Death", from Reign in Blood , which features the fast, technically complex musicianship typical of thrash metal.description "Suffocation" by Obituary from the album Slowly We Rot.description The title track of Mayhem's De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas.description Sample of Helloween's Halloween from Keeper of the Seven Keys ..description "Country Doctor" from Crippled Lucifer  by doom metal band Burning Witch.description "Walk" from Pantera's Vulgar Display of Power , exemplifying the groove metal style.subgenres * Avant-garde metal * extreme metal ** black metal ** death metal ** doom metal ** thrash metal * glam metal * groove metal * power metal * speed metal * traditional heavy metal.fusiongenres * Alternative metal  * Christian metal * crust punk * drone metal * folk metal * gothic metal * grindcore * industrial metal * metalcore * neoclassical metal * post-metal * progressive metal * sludge metal * stoner rock * symphonic metal.Heavy metal music.Heavy metal (or simply metal) is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom and the United States. With roots in blues rock and psychedelic rock, the bands that created heavy metal developed a thick, massive sound, characterized by highly amplified distortion, extended guitar solos, emphatic beats, and overall loudness. Heavy metal lyrics and performance styles are sometimes associated with aggression and machismo. The first heavy metal bands such as Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath and Deep Purple attracted large audiences, though they were often derided by critics. During the mid-1970s, Judas Priest helped spur the genre's evolution by discarding much of its blues influence; Motörhead introduced a punk rock sensibility and an increasing emphasis on speed. Beginning in the late 1970s, bands in the new wave of British heavy metal such as Iron Maiden and Saxon followed in a similar vein. Before the end of the decade, heavy metal fans became known as "metalheads" or "headbangers". During the 1980s, glam metal became popular with groups such as Mötley Crüe and Poison. Underground scenes produced an array of more aggressive styles: thrash metal broke into the mainstream with bands such as Metallica, Megadeth, Slayer, and Anthrax, while other extreme subgenres of metal such as death metal and black metal remain subcultural phenomena. Since the mid-1990s popular styles have further expanded the definition of the genre. These include groove metal (with bands such as Pantera, Sepultura, and Lamb of God) and nu metal (with bands such as Korn, Slipknot, and Linkin Park), the latter of which often incorporates elements of grunge and hip hop..comment Heavy metal (or simply metal) is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom and the United States. With roots in blues rock and psychedelic rock, the bands that created heavy metal developed a thick, massive sound, characterized by highly amplified distortion, extended guitar solos, emphatic beats, and overall loudness. Heavy metal lyrics and performance styles are sometimes associated with aggression and machismo..
===54	home town	12
1/12	==DB== Hometown.populationTotal 668.postalCode 25109.utcOffset -5.utcOffsetDst -4.areaTotalSqMi 0.802.areaLandSqMi 0.802.areaWaterSqMi 0.Hometown, West Virginia.Hometown is a census-designated place (CDP) located along the Kanawha River on West Virginia Route 62 in Putnam County, West Virginia, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 668. Hometown has 6 streets that are intersected by 1 street. There is an elementary school. The red house on the left in the photo was built by Thomas M. Brown and Ella Mae Criner Brown in the early 1920s, and was the first house built at Hometown..comment Hometown is a census-designated place (CDP) located along the Kanawha River on West Virginia Route 62 in Putnam County, West Virginia, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 668. Hometown has 6 streets that are intersected by 1 street. There is an elementary school. The red house on the left in the photo was built by Thomas M. Brown and Ella Mae Criner Brown in the early 1920s, and was the first house built at Hometown..
2/12	==DB== My Hometown.producer Jon Landau, Chuck Plotkin, Bruce Springsteen.writer Bruce Springsteen.length 273.0.released 1985-11-21.recorded 1983-05-01.bSide "Santa Claus is Comin' to Town".certification Gold.lastSingle "I'm Goin' Down".nextSingle "War".My Hometown."My Hometown" is a single by Bruce Springsteen off his Born in the U.S.A. album, that was the record-tying seventh and last top 10 single to come from it, peaking at #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. It also topped the U.S. adult contemporary chart, making the song Springsteen's only #1 song on this chart to date. The song is a synthesizer-based, low-tempo number that features Springsteen on vocals..comment "My Hometown" is a single by Bruce Springsteen off his Born in the U.S.A. album, that was the record-tying seventh and last top 10 single to come from it, peaking at #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. It also topped the U.S. adult contemporary chart, making the song Springsteen's only #1 song on this chart to date. The song is a synthesizer-based, low-tempo number that features Springsteen on vocals..
3/12	==DB== Hometown Band.The Hometown Band was founded in 1975 by Claire Lawrence, a former member of The Collectors and Chilliwack, as the back-up group for Canadian folk artist Valdy. The band comprised Shari Ulrich (lead vocals, flute, fiddle), Geoff Eyre (drums, vocals), Robbie King (organ, piano, keyboard bass), and Doug Edwards (guitar, keyboards, bass). Their first LP Flying realized two hits, the title track and "I'm Ready" (both written by the Pied Pumkin's Joe Mock. For the second album Eddie Patterson joined the group. The group disbanded shortly after winning the Juno Award for "Most Promising Group of the Year", having failed to produce a radio hit from their second album. Following the band's breakup, Shari Ulrich played in several other small groups as well as solo performances. She and Joe Mock continued to perform occasionally with The Pied Pumkin..comment The Hometown Band was founded in 1975 by Claire Lawrence, a former member of The Collectors and Chilliwack, as the back-up group for Canadian folk artist Valdy. The band comprised Shari Ulrich (lead vocals, flute, fiddle), Geoff Eyre (drums, vocals), Robbie King (organ, piano, keyboard bass), and Doug Edwards (guitar, keyboards, bass). Their first LP Flying realized two hits, the title track and "I'm Ready" (both written by the Pied Pumkin's Joe Mock. For the second album Eddie Patterson joined the group..
4/12	==DB== Hometown High-Q.
5/12	==DB== Hometown, Illinois.populationDensitySqMi 9060.4.subdivisionName Illinois.populationTotal 4349.postalCode 60456.areaCode 708.areaTotalSqMi 0.48.areaLandSqMi 0.48.areaWaterSqMi 0.elevationFt 623.areaWaterPercent 0.Hometown, Illinois.Hometown is a city in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 4,349 at the 2010 census..comment Hometown is a city in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 4,349 at the 2010 census..
6/12	==DB== Hometown.lastAlbum Revolution.nextAlbum Double Dubliners.Hometown!.Hometown is a live album by The Dubliners recorded and released in 1972. Its release was short-lived because "Raglan Road" was split across both sides of the original LP. Recorded at the National Stadium in Dublin, it featured the original members. The album included songs that had not previously been recorded..comment Hometown is a live album by The Dubliners recorded and released in 1972. Its release was short-lived because "Raglan Road" was split across both sides of the original LP. Recorded at the National Stadium in Dublin, it featured the original members. The album included songs that had not previously been recorded..
7/12	==DB== Hometown.length 2210.0.released 2009-01-27.lastAlbum The Virtual EP.Hometown (album).Hometown is the second studio album from Ten Second Epic. It was released January 27, 2009 on Black Box Recordings. It was made available for full streaming on their MySpace page on January 23. The first single, "Life Times", was released on November 10, 2008 on YouTube and later on television. The second single was "Welcome to Wherever You Are" and was released on March 30, along with a music video. The third single is "Every Day" that debuted with a video..comment Hometown is the second studio album from Ten Second Epic. It was released January 27, 2009 on Black Box Recordings. It was made available for full streaming on their MySpace page on January 23. The first single, "Life Times", was released on November 10, 2008 on YouTube and later on television. The second single was "Welcome to Wherever You Are" and was released on March 30, along with a music video. The third single is "Every Day" that debuted with a video..
8/12	==DB== Hometown.writer Seijirō Kōyama.runtime 6360.0.Hometown (film).Hometown (ふるさと Furusato) is a 1983 Japanese drama film directed by Seijirō Kōyama. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival where Yoshi Katō won the award for Best Actor..comment Hometown (ふるさと Furusato) is a 1983 Japanese drama film directed by Seijirō Kōyama. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival where Yoshi Katō won the award for Best Actor..
9/12	==DB== HomeTown (band).
10/12	==SS== 
11/12	==DB== populationDensityKm 272.38.populationDensitySqMi 706.3.officialName Hometown, Pennsylvania.areaTotalKm 2.elevationM 344.populationTotal 1399.postalCode 18252.areaCode 570.areaLandKm 2.areaWaterKm 0.areaTotalSqMi 5.1.areaLandSqMi 5.1.areaWaterSqMi 0.elevationFt 1129.Hometown, Pennsylvania.Hometown is a census-designated place (CDP) in Rush Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,399 at the 2000 census..comment Hometown is a census-designated place (CDP) in Rush Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,399 at the 2000 census..
12/12	==DB== runtime 3600.0.showName Hometown.starring Erin Leigh Peck.starring Mikey Viso.numEpisodes 9.company Kingette Productions.firstAired 1985-08-22.lastAired 1985-10-15.Hometown (TV series).Hometown is an American dramedy series than ran on CBS from August 22 to October 15, 1985. The series was a loose adaptation of the 1983 movie The Big Chill, and centered on the same premise as the film: a group of friends all in their 30s, who had reunited after traveling separate paths following their college days in the 1960s. Upon their reunion, they found that they were even more so an integral part of each other's lives in the 1980s. Julie and Dinah Kirgo served as executive producers, with Barnet Kellman directing most of the episodes. Hometown was produced by Kirgette Productions in association with Paramount Television..comment Hometown is an American dramedy series than ran on CBS from August 22 to October 15, 1985. The series was a loose adaptation of the 1983 movie The Big Chill, and centered on the same premise as the film: a group of friends all in their 30s, who had reunited after traveling separate paths following their college days in the 1960s. Upon their reunion, they found that they were even more so an integral part of each other's lives in the 1980s. Julie and Dinah Kirgo served as executive producers, with Barnet Kellman directing most of the episodes. Hometown was produced by Kirgette Productions in association with Paramount Television..
===55	ice cube	3
1/3	==DB== Ice cube.An ice cube is a small, roughly cube-shaped piece of ice (frozen water), conventionally used to cool beverages. Ice cubes are sometimes preferred over crushed ice because they melt more slowly; they are standard in mixed drinks that call for ice, in which case the drink is said to be "on the rocks.".comment An ice cube is a small, roughly cube-shaped piece of ice (frozen water), conventionally used to cool beverages. Ice cubes are sometimes preferred over crushed ice because they melt more slowly; they are standard in mixed drinks that call for ice, in which case the drink is said to be "on the rocks.".
2/3	==DB== Ice Cube.birthDate 1969-06-15.birthPlace South Los Angeles, California, United States.children 4.birthName O'Shea Jackson.occupation Rapper.occupation record producer.occupation songwriter.occupation actor.occupation filmmaker.yearsActive 1984.Ice Cube.O'Shea Jackson Sr. (born June 15, 1969), known professionally as Ice Cube, is an American rapper, songwriter, actor, record producer, and filmmaker. He began his career as a member of the hip-hop group C.I.A. and later joined the seminal rap group N.W.A (Niggaz Wit Attitudes). After leaving N.W.A in December 1989, he built a successful solo career in music and films. Additionally, he has served as one of the producers of the Showtime television series Barbershop and the TBS series Are We There Yet?, both of which are based upon films in which he portrayed the main character. Ice Cube is noted as a seminal lyricist and storyteller and is regarded as a brutally honest rapper; his lyrics are often political or socio-political, as well as violent, confrontational, and aggressive, and he is considered one of the founding artists in gangsta rap. He was ranked number 8 on MTV's list of the 10 Greatest MCs of All Time, while fellow rapper Snoop Dogg ranked Ice Cube as the greatest MC of all time. AllMusic has called him one of hip-hop's best and most controversial artists, as well as "one of rap's greatest storytellers". In 2012, The Source ranked him number 14 on their list of the Top 50 Lyricists of All Time. In 2014, About.com ranked him number 11 on their list of the "50 Greatest MCs of All Time"..comment O'Shea Jackson Sr. (born June 15, 1969), known professionally as Ice Cube, is an American rapper, songwriter, actor, record producer, and filmmaker. He began his career as a member of the hip-hop group C.I.A. and later joined the seminal rap group N.W.A (Niggaz Wit Attitudes). After leaving N.W.A in December 1989, he built a successful solo career in music and films. Additionally, he has served as one of the producers of the Showtime television series Barbershop and the TBS series Are We There Yet?, both of which are based upon films in which he portrayed the main character..
3/3	==SS== 
===56	injury time	5
1/5	==DB== Overtime (sports).Overtime or extra time is an additional period of play specified under the rules of a sport to bring a game to a decision and avoid declaring the match a tie or draw where the scores are the same. In most sports, this extra period is only played if the game is required to have a clear winner, as in single-elimination tournaments where only one team or players can advance to the next round or win the tournament. In other sports, particularly those prominently played in North America where ties are generally disfavored, some form of overtime is employed for all games. The rules of overtime or extra time vary between sports and even different competitions. Some may employ "sudden death", where the first player or team who scores immediately wins the game. In others, play continues until a specified time has elapsed, and only then is the winner declared. If the contest remains tied after the extra session, depending on the rules, the match may immediately end as a draw, additional periods may be played, or a different tiebreaking procedure such as a penalty shootout may be used instead. The terms "overtime" and "in overtime" (abbreviated "OT" or "IOT") are primarily used in North America, whereas the terms "extra time" and "after extra time" (abbreviated "a.e.t.") are usually used in other continents. However, in basketball, the terms "overtime" and "in overtime" are used worldwide..comment Overtime or extra time is an additional period of play specified under the rules of a sport to bring a game to a decision and avoid declaring the match a tie or draw where the scores are the same. In most sports, this extra period is only played if the game is required to have a clear winner, as in single-elimination tournaments where only one team or players can advance to the next round or win the tournament. In other sports, particularly those prominently played in North America where ties are generally disfavored, some form of overtime is employed for all games..
2/5	==DB== Injury time.
3/5	==SS== Additional time played straight after each of the two halves, due to any stoppages (of more than a few seconds) occurring during the halves.
4/5	==DB== Injury Time.pages 158.isbn 0.Injury Time (novel).Injury Time is a novel by English author Beryl Bainbridge and first published in 1977 by Duckworth. It won the 1977 Whitbread Book of the Year Award..comment Injury Time is a novel by English author Beryl Bainbridge and first published in 1977 by Duckworth. It won the 1977 Whitbread Book of the Year Award..
5/5	==DB== showName Injury Time.Injury Time (radio series).Injury Time was a radio comedy programme, broadcast on BBC Radio 4 during the 1980s. The first episode was broadcast in 1980, and it ran for three series. The show starred Robert Bathurst, Martin Bergman, Rory McGrath, Jimmy Mulville and Emma Thompson. Sketches included Rory McGrath parodying Shaw Taylor on Police 5..comment Injury Time was a radio comedy programme, broadcast on BBC Radio 4 during the 1980s. The first episode was broadcast in 1980, and it ran for three series. The show starred Robert Bathurst, Martin Bergman, Rory McGrath, Jimmy Mulville and Emma Thompson. Sketches included Rory McGrath parodying Shaw Taylor on Police 5..
===57	leap year	7
1/7	==DB== Leap Year.runtime 5460.0.starring Edmund Breon.starring Tom Walls.starring Anne Grey.released 1932-10-11.Leap Year (1932 film).Leap Year is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Tom Walls, who co-stars with Anne Grey, Edmund Breon and Ellis Jeffreys. Made at Elstree Studios, it was written by A.R. Rawlinson, and produced by Herbert Wilcox. The film was re-released in 1937..comment Leap Year is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Tom Walls, who co-stars with Anne Grey, Edmund Breon and Ellis Jeffreys. Made at Elstree Studios, it was written by A.R. Rawlinson, and produced by Herbert Wilcox. The film was re-released in 1937..
2/7	==SS== A year in the Julian or Gregorian calendars with an intercalary day added to February, used to adjust for the extra hours of the solar year.
3/7	==DB== The Leap Years.country Singapore.The Leap Years.The Leap Years (also known as Leap of Love) is a Singapore film produced by MediaCorp Raintree Pictures, based on the novella Leap of Love by the author Catherine Lim. The production for the film started in 2005, and the film was initially to be released in December 2005 release. It was released on February 29, 2008 in Singapore..comment The Leap Years (also known as Leap of Love) is a Singapore film produced by MediaCorp Raintree Pictures, based on the novella Leap of Love by the author Catherine Lim. The production for the film started in 2005, and the film was initially to be released in December 2005 release. It was released on February 29, 2008 in Singapore..
4/7	==DB== Leap Year.writer Sarah Y. Mason.runtime 3600.0.language English intertitles.Leap Year (1924 film).Leap Year is a 1924 American comedy film directed by and starring Roscoe Arbuckle. The film was not released in the United States in 1921, due to Arbuckle's involvement in the Virginia Rappe death scandal. The film finally saw an American release of sorts in 1981. Prints held by UCLA and by the Library of Congress..comment Leap Year is a 1924 American comedy film directed by and starring Roscoe Arbuckle. The film was not released in the United States in 1921, due to Arbuckle's involvement in the Virginia Rappe death scandal. The film finally saw an American release of sorts in 1981. Prints held by UCLA and by the Library of Congress..
5/7	==DB== Leap year.A leap year (also known as an intercalary year or a bissextile year) is a year containing one additional day (or, in the case of lunisolar calendars, a month) added to keep the calendar year synchronized with the astronomical or seasonal year. Because seasons and astronomical events do not repeat in a whole number of days, calendars that have the same number of days in each year drift over time with respect to the event that the year is supposed to track. By inserting (also called intercalating) an additional day or month into the year, the drift can be corrected. A year that is not a leap year is called a common year. For example, in the Gregorian calendar, each leap year has 366 days instead of the usual 365, by extending February to 29 days rather than the common 28. Similarly, in the lunisolar Hebrew calendar, Adar Aleph, a 13th lunar month, is added seven times every 19 years to the twelve lunar months in its common years to keep its calendar year from drifting through the seasons. In the Baha'i Calendar, a leap day is added when needed to ensure that the following year begins on the vernal equinox. The name "leap year" probably comes from the fact that while a fixed date in the Gregorian calendar normally advances one day of the week from one year to the next, the day of the week in the 12 months following the leap day (from March 1 through February 28 of the following year) will advance two days due to the extra day (thus "leaping over" one of the days in the week). For example, Christmas Day fell on a Tuesday in 2001, Wednesday in 2002, and Thursday in 2003 but then "leapt" over Friday to fall on a Saturday in 2004. The length of a day is also occasionally changed by the insertion of leap seconds into Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), owing to the variability of Earth's rotational period. Unlike leap days, leap seconds are not introduced on a regular schedule, since the variability in the length of the day is not entirely predictable..comment A leap year (also known as an intercalary year or a bissextile year) is a year containing one additional day (or, in the case of lunisolar calendars, a month) added to keep the calendar year synchronized with the astronomical or seasonal year. Because seasons and astronomical events do not repeat in a whole number of days, calendars that have the same number of days in each year drift over time with respect to the event that the year is supposed to track. By inserting (also called intercalating) an additional day or month into the year, the drift can be corrected. A year that is not a leap year is called a common year..
6/7	==DB== runtime 3600.0.showName Leap Years.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 20.firstAired 2001-07-29.lastAired 2002-01-31.Leap Years.Leap Years is a 2001 drama television series that aired on the Showtime cable network. The show was created by Ron Cowen and Daniel Lipman, who had created the American version of the series Queer as Folk. It followed a group of friends in New York City. Set in the main in 2001, the show was uniquely structured as a series of flashbacks to 1993 and flashforwards to the then-near future 2008..comment Leap Years is a 2001 drama television series that aired on the Showtime cable network. The show was created by Ron Cowen and Daniel Lipman, who had created the American version of the series Queer as Folk. It followed a group of friends in New York City. Set in the main in 2001, the show was uniquely structured as a series of flashbacks to 1993 and flashforwards to the then-near future 2008..
7/7	==DB== Leap Year.producer *.producer * Jake Weiner.screenplay *.runtime 6000.0.starring *.budget 1.9E7.gross 3.26E7.Leap Year (2010 film).Leap Year is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Anand Tucker, and starring Amy Adams and Matthew Goode. Written by Harry Elfont and Deborah Kaplan, the film is about a woman who heads to Ireland to ask her boyfriend to accept her wedding proposal on leap day, when tradition supposedly holds that men cannot refuse a woman's proposal for marriage. Her plans are interrupted by a series of increasingly unlikely events and are further complicated when she hires a handsome Irish innkeeper to take her to her boyfriend in Dublin. The film was shot in County Wicklow, Dublin, County Mayo, and County Galway, with filming taking place in and around the Aran Islands, Connemara, Temple Bar, Georgian Dublin, Wicklow National Park, and Olaf Street, Waterford. Leap Year premiered in New York City on January 6, 2010. The film received mostly negative reviews..comment Leap Year is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Anand Tucker, and starring Amy Adams and Matthew Goode. Written by Harry Elfont and Deborah Kaplan, the film is about a woman who heads to Ireland to ask her boyfriend to accept her wedding proposal on leap day, when tradition supposedly holds that men cannot refuse a woman's proposal for marriage. Her plans are interrupted by a series of increasingly unlikely events and are further complicated when she hires a handsome Irish innkeeper to take her to her boyfriend in Dublin. The film was shot in County Wicklow, Dublin, County Mayo, and County Galway, with filming taking place in and around the Aran Islands, Connemara, Temple Bar, Georgian Dublin, Wicklow National Park, and Olaf Street, Waterford. Leap Year premiered in New York .
===58	life cycle	11
1/11	==DB== Software release life cycle.A software release life cycle is the sum of the stages of development and maturity for a piece of computer software: ranging from its initial development to its eventual release, and including updated versions of the released version to help improve software or fix bugs still present in the software..comment A software release life cycle is the sum of the stages of development and maturity for a piece of computer software: ranging from its initial development to its eventual release, and including updated versions of the released version to help improve software or fix bugs still present in the software..
2/11	==DB== 
3/11	==DB== Enterprise life cycle.Enterprise life cycle (ELC) in enterprise architecture is the dynamic, iterative process of changing the enterprise over time by incorporating new business processes, new technology, and new capabilities, as well as maintenance, disposition and disposal of existing elements of the enterprise..comment Enterprise life cycle (ELC) in enterprise architecture is the dynamic, iterative process of changing the enterprise over time by incorporating new business processes, new technology, and new capabilities, as well as maintenance, disposition and disposal of existing elements of the enterprise..
4/11	==DB== Life Cycle.length 2629.0.nextAlbum Steps.Life Cycle (Sieges Even album).Life Cycle is the first studio album by the progressive metal band Sieges Even. The album is known for being a speed metal album, which in their next album they embarked on a change in their sound..comment Life Cycle is the first studio album by the progressive metal band Sieges Even. The album is known for being a speed metal album, which in their next album they embarked on a change in their sound..
5/11	==DB== Systems development life cycle.The systems development life cycle (SDLC), also referred to as the application development life-cycle, is a term used in systems engineering, information systems and software engineering to describe a process for planning, creating, testing, and deploying an information system. The systems development life-cycle concept applies to a range of hardware and software configurations, as a system can be composed of hardware only, software only, or a combination of both..comment The systems development life cycle (SDLC), also referred to as the application development life-cycle, is a term used in systems engineering, information systems and software engineering to describe a process for planning, creating, testing, and deploying an information system. The systems development life-cycle concept applies to a range of hardware and software configurations, as a system can be composed of hardware only, software only, or a combination of both..
6/11	==SS== The course of stages through which an organism passes from fertilized zygote until maturity, reproduction, and death.
7/11	==DB== Project life cycle.
8/11	==DB== Life Cycle.length 2548.0.lastAlbum Emerald Tears.nextAlbum Jumpin' In.Life Cycle (Dave Holland album).Life Cycle is an album featuring solo cello performances by Dave Holland recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label..comment Life Cycle is an album featuring solo cello performances by Dave Holland recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label..
9/11	==DB== Biological life cycle.In biology, a life cycle is a series of changes in form that an organism undergoes, returning to the starting state. "The concept is closely related to those of the life history, development and ontogeny, but differs from them in stressing renewal." Transitions of form may involve growth, asexual reproduction, and/or sexual reproduction. In some organisms, different "generations" of the species succeed each other during the life cycle. For plants and many algae, there are two multicellular stages, and the life cycle is referred to as alternation of generations. The term life history is often used, particularly for organisms such as the red algae which have three multicellular stages (or more), rather than two. Life cycles that include sexual reproduction involve alternating haploid (n) and diploid (2n) stages, i.e., a change of ploidy is involved. To return from a diploid stage to a haploid stage, meiosis must occur. In regard to changes of ploidy, there are 3 types of cycles:  * haplontic life cycle — the haploid stage is multicellular and the diploid stage is a single cell, meiosis is "zygotic".  * diplontic life cycle — the diploid stage is multicellular and haploid gametes are formed, meiosis is "gametic".  * haplodiplontic life cycle (also referred to as diplohaplontic, diplobiontic, or dibiontic life cycle) — multicellular diploid and haploid stages occur, meiosis is "sporic". The cycles differ in when mitosis (growth) occurs. Zygotic meiosis and gametic meiosis have one mitotic stage: mitosis occurs during the n phase in zygotic meiosis and during the 2n phase in gametic meiosis. Therefore, zygotic and gametic meiosis are collectively termed haplobiontic (single mitotic phase, not to be confused with haplontic). Sporic meiosis, on the other hand, has mitosis in two stages, both the diploid and haploid stages, termed diplobiontic (not to be confused with diplontic)..comment In biology, a life cycle is a series of changes in form that an organism undergoes, returning to the starting state. "The concept is closely related to those of the life history, development and ontogeny, but differs from them in stressing renewal." Transitions of form may involve growth, asexual reproduction, and/or sexual reproduction..
10/11	==DB== Life Cycles.length 3012.0.released 2012-07-03.lastAlbum Deceiver.nextAlbum Real..recorded --02-07.Life Cycles (The Word Alive album).Life Cycles is the second studio album by American metalcore band The Word Alive. The album was released on July 3, 2012 through Fearless Records. The album features a heavier and more "metal-headed" sound as stated by lead singer Tyler "Telle" Smith. Life Cycles is the first release by the band to be without keyboardist, Dusty Riach, who parted ways with the band at the beginning of 2012. During the album session a total of 17 tracks were recorded, although only 13 of the tracks made it on the album. A deluxe version was originally planned; however, it never came to fruition. However, both Amazon and iTunes digital versions have a bonus track respectively..comment Life Cycles is the second studio album by American metalcore band The Word Alive. The album was released on July 3, 2012 through Fearless Records. The album features a heavier and more "metal-headed" sound as stated by lead singer Tyler "Telle" Smith. Life Cycles is the first release by the band to be without keyboardist, Dusty Riach, who parted ways with the band at the beginning of 2012..
11/11	==DB== Product life cycle.
===59	life story	5
1/5	==DB== Life Story.producer --07-06.length 4153.0.released 2000-03-07.nextAlbum The Black Rob Report.Life Story (album).Life Story is the critically acclaimed debut album by Black Rob, an American hip hop musician. it was released on March 7, 2000 by Bad Boy Records. The album boasts a wide range of guests, mostly fellow artists from Bad Boy Records. The album has been certified Platinum by the RIAA for selling 1,000,000 copies in the United States Of America on August 17, 2000..comment Life Story is the critically acclaimed debut album by Black Rob, an American hip hop musician. it was released on March 7, 2000 by Bad Boy Records. The album boasts a wide range of guests, mostly fellow artists from Bad Boy Records. The album has been certified Platinum by the RIAA for selling 1,000,000 copies in the United States Of America on August 17, 2000..
2/5	==DB== Life Story.producer Mick Jackson.runtime 5820.0.released 1987-09-14.Life Story (1987 film).Life Story (known as The Race for the Double Helix or Double Helix in the United States) is a 1987 TV film dramatisation of the discovery of the structure of DNA in 1953. The film was directed by Mick Jackson for the BBC's Horizon science series and won several prizes including the 1988 BAFTA TV Award as the Best Single Drama..comment Life Story (known as The Race for the Double Helix or Double Helix in the United States) is a 1987 TV film dramatisation of the discovery of the structure of DNA in 1953. The film was directed by Mick Jackson for the BBC's Horizon science series and won several prizes including the 1988 BAFTA TV Award as the Best Single Drama..
3/5	==DB== runtime 3600.0.showName Life Story.numEpisodes 6.company *.pictureFormat 576.firstAired 2014-10-23.lastAired 2014-11-27.Life Story (TV series).Life Story is a British natural-history television series with Mike Gunton, Rupert Barrington and Tom Hugh-Jones from the BBC Natural History Unit on the production team. The six-part series reveals the challenges faced by individual animals at different stages of their lives and was first broadcast on BBC One in 2014. The series is introduced and narrated by David Attenborough..comment Life Story is a British natural-history television series with Mike Gunton, Rupert Barrington and Tom Hugh-Jones from the BBC Natural History Unit on the production team. The six-part series reveals the challenges faced by individual animals at different stages of their lives and was first broadcast on BBC One in 2014. The series is introduced and narrated by David Attenborough..
4/5	==DB== Life Story Work.
5/5	==SS== An account of an individual's life
===60	living conditions	3
1/3	==SS== The conditions in which someone lives, seen in terms of their sanitary value, social status etc.
2/3	==DB== title Living Conditions.season 4.airdate 1999-10-12.episode 2.guests *Dagney Kerr as Kathy Newman *Adam Kaufman as Parker Abrams *Clayton Barber as Demon #1 *Walt Borchert as Demon #2 *Roger Morrissey as Tapparich *David Tuchman as Freshman *Paige Moss as Veruca.Living Conditions."Living Conditions" is the second episode of season 4 of the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Buffy becomes convinced that her annoying roommate is evil, but her friends think she is crazy..comment "Living Conditions" is the second episode of season 4 of the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Buffy becomes convinced that her annoying roommate is evil, but her friends think she is crazy..
3/3	==DB== Habitability.Habitability is the conformance of a residence or abode to the implied warranty of habitability. A residence that complies is said to be "habitable". It is an implied warranty or contract, meaning it does not have to be an express contract, covenant, or provision of a contract. It is a common law right of a tenant or legal doctrine. In order to be habitable, such housing usually:  *  must provide shelter, with working locks  *  must be heated in the winter months (typically between October 1 and May 31 in the Northeastern United States)  *  must not be infested with vermin, such as mice, roaches, termites, mold, etc.  *  requires the landlord to stop other tenants from making too much noise (as measured by the decibel scale), second-hand smoke, or from selling narcotics  *  must provide potable water  *  each jurisdiction may have various rules..comment Habitability is the conformance of a residence or abode to the implied warranty of habitability. A residence that complies is said to be "habitable". It is an implied warranty or contract, meaning it does not have to be an express contract, covenant, or provision of a contract. It is a common law right of a tenant or legal doctrine. In order to be habitable, such housing usually:.
===61	love life	11
1/11	==DB== Love Life (TV series).Love Life is a British drama television miniseries shown on ITV..comment Love Life is a British drama television miniseries shown on ITV..
2/11	==DB== Love Life.book Alan Jay Lerner.Love Life (musical).Love Life is a musical written by Kurt Weill (music) and Alan Jay Lerner (book and lyrics). It opened at the 46th Street Theatre on Broadway (now the Richard Rodgers) on October 7, 1948, and closed on May 14, 1949, after having played 252 performances. The original production starred Ray Middleton and Nanette Fabray, was directed by Elia Kazan, and choreographed by Michael Kidd. The show told the story of a married couple, Sam and Susan Cooper, who never age as they progress from 1791 to 1948, encountering difficulties in their marriage (and thus the very fabric of marriage) as they struggle to cope with changing social mores. One of the earliest examples of the concept musical, the action of Love Life was interspersed with vaudeville-style numbers that commented on the story, in a way very similar to Cabaret (which opened in 1966). No official cast recording of Love Life has ever been made; a strike at the time of the original production prevented preserving the original cast of this show, as also happened with Where's Charley? the same year. The song "I Remember it Well" is the original version of a lyric Lerner revised for use in the 1958 film, Gigi..comment Love Life is a musical written by Kurt Weill (music) and Alan Jay Lerner (book and lyrics). It opened at the 46th Street Theatre on Broadway (now the Richard Rodgers) on October 7, 1948, and closed on May 14, 1949, after having played 252 performances. The original production starred Ray Middleton and Nanette Fabray, was directed by Elia Kazan, and choreographed by Michael Kidd. No official cast recording of Love Life has ever been made; a strike at the time of the original production prevented preserving the original cast of this show, as also happened with Where's Charley? the same year..
3/11	==DB== We Love Life.length 3235.0.released 2001-10-22.lastAlbum Freshly Squeezed... the Early Years.nextAlbum Hits.We Love Life.We Love Life is the seventh and final studio album by Pulp, released in the UK on 22 October 2001. It reached number 6 in the UK album charts, with a total chart stay of only three weeks. It is notable for being produced by Scott Walker, whose own album 'Til The Band Comes In is mocked in the lyrics of the song "Bad Cover Version". Cocker claims the lyric was written long before Walker became involved in the album's production..comment We Love Life is the seventh and final studio album by Pulp, released in the UK on 22 October 2001. It reached number 6 in the UK album charts, with a total chart stay of only three weeks. It is notable for being produced by Scott Walker, whose own album 'Til The Band Comes In is mocked in the lyrics of the song "Bad Cover Version". Cocker claims the lyric was written long before Walker became involved in the album's production..
4/11	==DB== Love Life.length 2637.0.released 2015-06-09.lastAlbum Beautiful Surprise.Love Life (Tamia album).Love Life is the sixth studio album by Canadian recording artist Tamia, released on June 9, 2015 by Def Jam Recordings. It marked her first major label release since More (2004)..comment Love Life is the sixth studio album by Canadian recording artist Tamia, released on June 9, 2015 by Def Jam Recordings. It marked her first major label release since More (2004)..
5/11	==SS== An individual's amorous or sexual relationships.
6/11	==DB== Love Life 2.Love Life Records.released 2009-06-24.lastAlbum Love Concent.nextAlbum Spirit.Love Life 2.Love Life 2 is the ninth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Hitomi, released on June 24, 2009, by Hitomi's sub-label of Avex Trax, Love Life Records. It was originally to be released June 10, 2009, but was pushed back for promotional reasons. The first pressing of the album came with an external bonus, a poster. An accompanying photobook of the same name, that shows the singer completely nude, was released on the same day..comment Love Life 2 is the ninth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Hitomi, released on June 24, 2009, by Hitomi's sub-label of Avex Trax, Love Life Records. It was originally to be released June 10, 2009, but was pushed back for promotional reasons. The first pressing of the album came with an external bonus, a poster. An accompanying photobook of the same name, that shows the singer completely nude, was released on the same day..
7/11	==DB== Love Life.producer Hitomi, Tetsuya Morimoto, Takeshi Hara, Hiroyuki Shiotsuki, Naoki Yamada, Tohru Oka, Motohisa Shiraishi.length 3718.0.released 2000-12-13.lastAlbum Thermo Plastic.nextAlbum Huma-rhythm.Love Life (Hitomi album).Love Life is the fifth studio album by Japanese singer hitomi, released on December 13, 2000, by avex trax..comment Love Life is the fifth studio album by Japanese singer hitomi, released on December 13, 2000, by avex trax..
8/11	==DB== Love Life.length 2991.0.released 1984-03-12.lastAlbum Pleasure Victim.nextAlbum Count Three & Pray.Love Life (Berlin album).Love Life is the third studio album by the American new wave band Berlin. Recorded during the last quarter of 1983, the album was released on March 12, 1984 by Geffen Records. The album contained the single "No More Words", which became their first Top 40 single on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at #23..comment Love Life is the third studio album by the American new wave band Berlin. Recorded during the last quarter of 1983, the album was released on March 12, 1984 by Geffen Records. The album contained the single "No More Words", which became their first Top 40 single on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at #23..
9/11	==DB== Love Life.producer Damion Dietz.runtime 4320.0.Love Life (2006 film).Love Life is a 2006 gay-themed film by director Damion Dietz about marriage of convenience between a gay man and a bisexual lesbian and how complicated it can get with arrival of other suiters. The film premiered at the Frameline Film Festival in San Francisco and was selected as the benefit film for the Human Rights Campaign..comment Love Life is a 2006 gay-themed film by director Damion Dietz about marriage of convenience between a gay man and a bisexual lesbian and how complicated it can get with arrival of other suiters. The film premiered at the Frameline Film Festival in San Francisco and was selected as the benefit film for the Human Rights Campaign..
10/11	==DB== Love Life.producer Pet Shop Boys.length 233.0.length 230.0.released 2010-04-17.bSide "A Powerful Friend".lastSingle "Someday".lastSingle "All Over the World".nextSingle "Together".nextSingle "This Is the World We Live In".Love Life (song)."Love Life" is a Pet Shop Boys song originally performed and released by the Swedish band Alcazar. It was the fourth single to be taken from their #2 album Alcazarized. The song was originally titled "Can I Be the One?", and was demoed by Pet Shop Boys themselves. "Love Life" peaked at #10 in Sweden..comment "Love Life" is a Pet Shop Boys song originally performed and released by the Swedish band Alcazar. It was the fourth single to be taken from their #2 album Alcazarized. The song was originally titled "Can I Be the One?", and was demoed by Pet Shop Boys themselves. "Love Life" peaked at #10 in Sweden..
11/11	==DB== Love Life.Liebesleben.screenplay Maria Schrader and Laila Stieler.type soundtrack.Love Life (2007 film).Love Life (known as Liebesleben in German) is a 2007 German/Israeli film directed Maria Schrader and shot in Israel. It is based on a novel by Zeruya Shalev, with the screenplay written by Schrader and Laila Stieler. The film won two 2008 Bavarian Film Awards for Best Cinematography (Benedict Neuenfels) and Best Music (Niki Reiser). Neuenfels also won the 2008 German Film Award for Best Cinematography..comment Love Life (known as Liebesleben in German) is a 2007 German/Israeli film directed Maria Schrader and shot in Israel. It is based on a novel by Zeruya Shalev, with the screenplay written by Schrader and Laila Stieler. The film won two 2008 Bavarian Film Awards for Best Cinematography (Benedict Neuenfels) and Best Music (Niki Reiser). Neuenfels also won the 2008 German Film Award for Best Cinematography..
===62	mansion house	11
1/11	==DB== Mansion House, Newport.The Mansion House was the official residence of the Mayor of Newport, South Wales until 2009. In addition to being the Mayor's official residence, it also offered hospitality and accommodation to official visitors to the city from overseas. In 2010 plans were approved to convert the Mansion House for use as a Register office  and it duly opened in July 2011 after a major refurbishment..comment The Mansion House was the official residence of the Mayor of Newport, South Wales until 2009. In addition to being the Mayor's official residence, it also offered hospitality and accommodation to official visitors to the city from overseas. In 2010 plans were approved to convert the Mansion House for use as a Register office  and it duly opened in July 2011 after a major refurbishment..
2/11	==DB== Mansion House.nativeName Teach an Ard-Mhéara.location Dawson Street, Dublin 2, D02 AF30.buildingType Official residence of the Lord Mayor of Dublin.completionDate 1710.Mansion House, Dublin.The Mansion House (Irish: Teach an Ard-Mhéara) on Dawson Street, Dublin, has been the official residence of the Lord Mayor of Dublin since 1715..comment The Mansion House (Irish: Teach an Ard-Mhéara) on Dawson Street, Dublin, has been the official residence of the Lord Mayor of Dublin since 1715..
3/11	==DB== Mansion House, York.The Mansion House in York, England is the home of the Lord Mayors of York during their term in office. It is situated in St Helen's Square, where York's Coney Street and Lendal intersect in the city centre. It is built in an early Georgian style. The foundation stone for the Mansion House was laid in 1725, with the building being completed seven years later in 1732. The architect who designed the Mansion House is unknown, although the frontage at least may be by William Etty. In 1998 the house was restored by the York Civic Trust. In October 2015 the Mansion House was closed for refurbishment as part of the "Opening Doors" Heritage Lottery Fund refurbishment. The Mansion House will reopen in 2017 The four main areas of the "Opening Doors" project involve restoring the original kitchens; improving displays; conservation and access to the civic collection of gold and silverware; developing an integrated environmental and conservation plan for the structure: and conducting and oral History project. The Mansion House is the earliest purpose built house for a Lord Mayor still in existence and predates the Mansion House in London by at least twenty years. The Mansion House is built on the site of the old "Common Hall Gates" which provided an entrance to the Guildhall. A chapel and other property and tenements which were once owned by the Guild of St. Christopher and St. George including the Cross Keys Public House also lay on this site. These buildings were demolished to build the current Mansion House in 1724. The fifteenth century York Guildhall is situated behind the Mansion House, where the medieval city council held their meetings. In May of each year the Mayor Making ceremony is still held in the Guildhall before the Lord Mayor takes up residence in the Mansion House. These two buildings, therefore, represent a continuity of civic democracy for over six hundred years in the City of York. The Mansion House holds one of the largest civic silver collections in England. These collections will be displayed in a new Silver Gallery enabling visitors to view the collections from January 2017. Two of the earliest pieces are a seventeenth century silver chamber pot and gold cup which were bought for the City of York with monies bequeathed by Marmaduke Rawdon in 1669. Marmaduke left "one drinking cup of pure gold of the vallew of one hundred pounds, which I desire my executor to have handsomely made, and the cittie arms and my arms graven upon it, "This is the guift of Marmaduke Rawdon, son of Laurence Rawdon, late of this cittie alderman"; alsoe, I give unto the said cittie a silver chamber pott of the value of ten pounds, booth are to goe from Lord Maior to lord Maior, and if these two bee converted to any other use the vallew thereof to return to my executor or his heirs". The collection of civic regalia also includes a seventeenth century mace and two city swords. The Bowes Sword was donated to the City of York by Sir Martin Bowes, Lord Mayor of London 1545. Bowes was born in York and was christened in St. Cuthbert's, York, where many of his family were also buried. In the sixteenth century there was a move to reduce the number of parish churches in York and Bowes pleaded to the council to save St. Cuthbert's. In thanks for saving St. Cuthbert's Bowes wrote to York on 20 September 1549 saying that he was sending "a fayre sworde within a sheathe of crymesyn velvet garnysyshyd with perle and stone sett upon sylver and gylte". In 1603 when James VI of Scotland visited York the Bowes sword travelled with one of his entourage to London. When the sword was returned the original precious stones had disappeared and the sword was repaired with semi-precious stones. The Sigismund sword was once owned by the Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund. In 1416 Sigismund was installed as a Knight of the Order of the Garter of the Knights of St. George as part of Henry V's alliance against France. He sent a sword to be hung over his stall in St. George's Chapel, Windsor, and this sword was still in the chapel when he died in 1437. The sword was then acquired by Henry Hanslapp, dean of Windsor, who was also a canon of Howden and native of York. On 5 May 1439 Henry Hanslapp presented the sword to the City of York. The Sigismund sword blade is blued and inscribed with the Royal Arms of Elizabeth I. The scabbard is covered in crimson velvet which is decorated with "scorpions" or dragons which are similar to the emblem of the knightly Order of the Dragon founded by Sigismund in 1408. The Mansion House also has a collection of oil paintings of previous Lord Mayors of York which include, George IV as Prince Regent, Charles Watson-Wentworth, Marquis of Rockingham and George Hudson..comment The Mansion House in York, England is the home of the Lord Mayors of York during their term in office. It is situated in St Helen's Square, where York's Coney Street and Lendal intersect in the city centre. It is built in an early Georgian style. The foundation stone for the Mansion House was laid in 1725, with the building being completed seven years later in 1732. The architect who designed the Mansion House is unknown, although the frontage at least may be by William Etty..
4/11	==DB== Mansion House, Swansea.The Mansion House is the official residence of the Lord Mayor of Swansea. The Mansion House is situated in the Ffynone area of Swansea. Today the Mansion House is used for a variety of public and private functions..comment The Mansion House is the official residence of the Lord Mayor of Swansea. The Mansion House is situated in the Ffynone area of Swansea. Today the Mansion House is used for a variety of public and private functions..
5/11	==DB== Mansion House.platforms 3.fareZone 1.Mansion House tube station.Mansion House is a London Underground station in the City of London which takes its name from the nearby Mansion House (although Bank station is actually closer to it). It opened in 1871 as the eastern terminus of the Metropolitan District Railway. Today, Mansion House is served by the Circle and District lines. It is between Blackfriars and Cannon Street stations and it is in fare zone 1. The station is located at the junction of Queen Victoria Street and Cannon Street. Mansion House is a sub-surface station with three platforms. The westbound platform, number 1, and the eastbound platform, number 3, are shared by both the Circle and District lines. A third platform, number 2, is for terminating eastbound trains, however it is rarely used as most services continue and terminate at Tower Hill..comment Mansion House is a London Underground station in the City of London which takes its name from the nearby Mansion House (although Bank station is actually closer to it). It opened in 1871 as the eastern terminus of the Metropolitan District Railway. Today, Mansion House is served by the Circle and District lines. It is between Blackfriars and Cannon Street stations and it is in fare zone 1. The station is located at the junction of Queen Victoria Street and Cannon Street..
6/11	==DB== Mansion House.location Bayside Rd., Public Landing, Maryland.added 1995-01-19.refnum 94001643.Mansion House (Public Landing, Maryland).Mansion House, located near Public Landing, Maryland, United States, is an early-to-mid-nineteenth century plantation house. This "telescoping house" was built in five main parts beginning about 1835. The distinct blocks were designed in a manner that separated the main house from the servants' quarters while keeping them close at hand. Mansion House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995..comment Mansion House, located near Public Landing, Maryland, United States, is an early-to-mid-nineteenth century plantation house. This "telescoping house" was built in five main parts beginning about 1835. The distinct blocks were designed in a manner that separated the main house from the servants' quarters while keeping them close at hand. Mansion House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995..
7/11	==DB== Mansion House.constructionStartDate 1739.Mansion House, London.Mansion House is the official residence of the Lord Mayor of London. It is used for some of the City of London's official functions, including an annual dinner, hosted by the Lord Mayor, at which the Chancellor of the Exchequer customarily gives a speech – his "Mansion House Speech" – about the state of the British economy. It is a Grade I listed building..comment Mansion House is the official residence of the Lord Mayor of London. It is used for some of the City of London's official functions, including an annual dinner, hosted by the Lord Mayor, at which the Chancellor of the Exchequer customarily gives a speech – his "Mansion House Speech" – about the state of the British economy. It is a Grade I listed building..
8/11	==DB== Mansion House, Doncaster.Mansion House is a Grade I listed building in Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England. It is used for meetings of Doncaster Metropolitan Borough Council, and by the civic mayor of the town for official receptions. During the 18th century, Doncaster's position on the Great North Road brought wealth to the town. The town's corporation was frequently called on to host entertainments, initially at the mayor's house or the Angel or Three Cranes inns. In 1719, they took a lease on a house in the High Street for holding feasts, but let this lapse around 1727. They bought a site on the High Street in 1738, with the intention of building a permanent base for entertaining, but little construction took place for several years. In 1746, James Paine was appointed as architect in 1746. Although young, Paine had already worked on Nostell Priory and had designed Heath House, both near Wakefield. Mansion Houses had already been constructed in Newcastle-upon-Tyne (now demolished), York and London. Whereas these other buildings contained both formal reception rooms and living quarters for the mayor, Doncaster's differed in being designed purely for entertainment, although some later mayors used space in the building as accommodation. Paine planned a building along the now established designs of Assembly Rooms. It was completed in 1748 and officially opened in 1749, the construction having cost £8,000. Paine was immediately offered more local work, starting with alterations to Cusworth Hall. He published his designs for the Mansion House in 1751. This work showed the building flanked by two other structures, marked as houses for the town clerk and recorder, but these were never part of the commission and were not built. William Lindley extended the building between 1801 and 1806, adding an attic storey, a rear banqueting hall and rear landing..comment Mansion House is a Grade I listed building in Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England. It is used for meetings of Doncaster Metropolitan Borough Council, and by the civic mayor of the town for official receptions. Mansion Houses had already been constructed in Newcastle-upon-Tyne (now demolished), York and London. Whereas these other buildings contained both formal reception rooms and living quarters for the mayor, Doncaster's differed in being designed purely for entertainment, although some later mayors used space in the building as accommodation..
9/11	==DB== Joseph Smith Mansion House.The Joseph Smith Mansion House in Nauvoo, Illinois is a building constructed by Joseph Smith, the founder of the Latter Day Saint movement. Smith used the house as a personal home, a public boarding house, a hotel, and as a site for the performance of temple ordinances. In January 1841, Smith declared in a revelation that Latter Day Saint Robert D. Foster should fulfill the contract he had entered into to build a house for Smith to live in. The house was constructed by Foster, and the Smith family moved into the Mansion House on August 31, 1843. The house was a two-storey building built of white pine in the Greek Revival style. Initially, Smith used the house to entertain guests in Nauvoo, giving visitors free room and board. However, because he was unable to cover the expenses that this free lodging entailed, Smith began charging guests in September 1843 and running the Mansion House as a hotel. At one point Smith had installed a bar, but quickly reversed his action at the request of his wife, Emma. In January 1844, Smith leased the hotel to Ebenezer Robinson, who continued to operate it. Prior to the completion of the Nauvoo Temple, Smith performed some temple ordinances in the Mansion House. After Smith and his brother Hyrum were killed in Carthage Jail in June 1844, their bodies were displayed in the Mansion House, where approximately ten thousand people viewed the bodies on June 29. George Q. Cannon constructed the Smiths' death masks in the house. Emma Smith and her children continued to live in the Mansion House. After Emma Smith married Lewis C. Bidamon in 1847, they lived in the house until 1869, when they moved to the Nauvoo House. In the 1890s, the hotel wing of the home was removed. In 1918, Frederick A. Smith, Joseph Smith's grandson, deeded the Mansion House to the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (RLDS Church). The Mansion House is still owned by the RLDS Church, which is now called the Community of Christ, and it operates the house as a historical site and a tourist museum. The Mansion House is part of the Nauvoo Historic District, a National Historic Landmark..comment The Joseph Smith Mansion House in Nauvoo, Illinois is a building constructed by Joseph Smith, the founder of the Latter Day Saint movement. Smith used the house as a personal home, a public boarding house, a hotel, and as a site for the performance of temple ordinances. Prior to the completion of the Nauvoo Temple, Smith performed some temple ordinances in the Mansion House..
10/11	==DB== Mansion House.completionDate 1845.Mansion House, Kawau Island.Mansion House on Kawau Island, New Zealand is a house that was ownd by Sir George Grey from 1862 to 1888. Many important guests were entertained at Mansion House. The building was registered by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust (now called Heritage New Zealand) on 23 June 1983 and has registration number 8. The building has a category I listing..comment Mansion House on Kawau Island, New Zealand is a house that was ownd by Sir George Grey from 1862 to 1888. Many important guests were entertained at Mansion House. The building was registered by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust (now called Heritage New Zealand) on 23 June 1983 and has registration number 8. The building has a category I listing..
11/11	==DB== Mansion House, Cardiff.The Mansion House, located on Richmond Road, is the official residence of the Lord Mayor of Cardiff. Architects Habershon & Fawckner designed the Mansion House and it was built in 1896 for James Howell, owner of Howells department store. It was then known then as 'The Grove'. James Howell was a Cardiff businessman who opened his first shop in 1865. In 1890 he made arrangements to build a property on land leased from Lord Tredegar. The plans were for a large family home, to house his 11 children. The one unusual aspect of the house is that it has two front doors. James Howell wanted to ensure that the house could be divided in two in the future if needed. In the cellar, a wall was constructed which could have been extended upwards to divide the house in two. The house was bought by the Cardiff Corporation in 1913. The building is a Grade II Listed Building. The Mansion House was used as the home of the Lord Mayor of Cardiff until 1971. It has two apartments on the first floor and was also used by city judges. The building had a major overhaul in 1998, subsequently being used by Cardiff Council for events, functions, civil ceremonies and weddings. It was also the base for the council's protocol team..comment The Mansion House, located on Richmond Road, is the official residence of the Lord Mayor of Cardiff. Architects Habershon & Fawckner designed the Mansion House and it was built in 1896 for James Howell, owner of Howells department store. It was then known then as 'The Grove'..
===63	market place	3
1/3	==DB== runtime 300.0.showName Market Place.pictureFormat 16.firstAired 2008-09-01.Market Place.Market Place is the financial programme broadcast Monday to Friday at 10:30pm in Hong Kong by television channel TVB Pearl..comment Market Place is the financial programme broadcast Monday to Friday at 10:30pm in Hong Kong by television channel TVB Pearl..
2/3	==DB== Market (place).A market, or marketplace, is a location where people regularly gather for the purchase and sale of provisions, livestock, and other goods. In different parts of the world it may be referred to as a souk (from the Arabic), bazaar (from the Persian), a fixed mercado (Spanish), or itinerant tianguis (Mexico), or palengke (Philippines). Some markets operate on most days; others may be held once a week, or on less frequent specified days..comment A market, or marketplace, is a location where people regularly gather for the purchase and sale of provisions, livestock, and other goods. In different parts of the world it may be referred to as a souk (from the Arabic), bazaar (from the Persian), a fixed mercado (Spanish), or itinerant tianguis (Mexico), or palengke (Philippines). Some markets operate on most days; others may be held once a week, or on less frequent specified days..
3/3	==SS== 
===64	mass destruction	5
1/5	==DB== Mass Destruction.released 2004-05-31.lastSingle "One Step Too Far".nextSingle "I Want More".Mass Destruction (song)."Mass Destruction" is the name of the first single from the fourth album by Faithless, No Roots. It was released on 31 May 2004 and reached #7 in the UK Singles Chart. In Australia, the song was ranked #41 on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2004..comment "Mass Destruction" is the name of the first single from the fourth album by Faithless, No Roots. It was released on 31 May 2004 and reached #7 in the UK Singles Chart. In Australia, the song was ranked #41 on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2004..
2/5	==DB== publisher ASC Games and BMG Interactive Entertainment.title Mass Destruction.Mass Destruction (video game).Mass Destruction is a 1997 third-person action game developed by NMS Software Ltd. and published by ASC Games and BMG Interactive Entertainment. Released for MS-DOS, the Sega Saturn, and the PlayStation, the game puts players in control of a tank, and tasks them with destroying enemy forces. While some reviewers described the game as "simplistic" and "mindless", others found its stripped-down action enjoyable..comment Mass Destruction is a 1997 third-person action game developed by NMS Software Ltd. and published by ASC Games and BMG Interactive Entertainment. Released for MS-DOS, the Sega Saturn, and the PlayStation, the game puts players in control of a tank, and tasks them with destroying enemy forces. While some reviewers described the game as "simplistic" and "mindless", others found its stripped-down action enjoyable..
3/5	==DB== Weapon of mass destruction.A weapon of mass destruction (WMD or WoMD) is a nuclear, radiological, chemical, biological or other weapon that can kill and bring significant harm to a large number of humans or cause great damage to human-made structures (e.g. buildings), natural structures (e.g. mountains), or the biosphere. The scope and application of the term has evolved and been disputed, often signifying more politically than technically. Originally coined in reference to aerial bombing with chemical explosives, since World War II it has come to refer to large-scale weaponry of other technologies, such as chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear..comment A weapon of mass destruction (WMD or WoMD) is a nuclear, radiological, chemical, biological or other weapon that can kill and bring significant harm to a large number of humans or cause great damage to human-made structures (e.g. buildings), natural structures (e.g. mountains), or the biosphere. The scope and application of the term has evolved and been disputed, often signifying more politically than technically. Originally coined in reference to aerial bombing with chemical explosives, since World War II it has come to refer to large-scale weaponry of other technologies, such as chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear..
4/5	==SS== 
5/5	==DB== Weapons of Mass Destruction.producer DJ Khalil, Danja, Hi-Tek, Jelly Roll, Battlecat, Timbaland, Thayod Ausar, Sir Jinx, Mr. Porter, Rick Rock.length 3514.0.released --12-14.lastAlbum Man vs. Machine.nextAlbum Full Circle.Weapons of Mass Destruction (album).Weapons of Mass Destruction is the fifth album by rapper Xzibit, released December 14, 2004..comment Weapons of Mass Destruction is the fifth album by rapper Xzibit, released December 14, 2004..
===65	master plan	7
1/7	==DB== Master Plan.Master Plan (film).Master Plan is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film directed by Kumar Mahadevan..comment Master Plan is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film directed by Kumar Mahadevan..
2/7	==DB== The Master Plan.producer Charles Leeds.screenplay Cy Endfield.The Master Plan (film).The Master Plan is a 1955 British drama film directed by Cy Endfield and starring Norman Wooland, Tilda Thamar and real-life war hero Wayne Morris. It is set at the headquarters of NATO. It is based on a teleplay Operation North Star by Harald Bratt..comment The Master Plan is a 1955 British drama film directed by Cy Endfield and starring Norman Wooland, Tilda Thamar and real-life war hero Wayne Morris. It is set at the headquarters of NATO. It is based on a teleplay Operation North Star by Harald Bratt..
3/7	==DB== title The Master Plan.season 2.airdate 2010-05-13.episode 23.guests *Alison Becker as Shauna Malwae-Tweep *April Marie Eden as Trish Ianetta *Andy Forrest as Kyle *Rob Lowe as Chris Traeger *Natalie Morales as Lucy *Jim O'Heir as Jerry Gergich *Retta as Donna Meagle *Phil Reeves as Paul Iaresco *Ralph Richeson as Ghoulish Man *Ben Schwartz as Jean-Ralphio Saperstein *Adam Scott as Ben Wyatt.The Master Plan (Parks and Recreation)."The Master Plan" is the 23rd and penultimate episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the 29th overall episode of the series. It originally aired on NBC in the United States on May 13, 2010. In the episode, Pawnee's major budget problems result in state auditors (Adam Scott and Rob Lowe) arriving to make major cuts, much to Leslie's horror and Ron's delight. Meanwhile, Andy contemplates asking April to be his girlfriend, and Tom seeks a new girlfriend. The episode was directed by Dean Holland and written by series co-creator Michael Schur. "The Master Plan" featured the first series appearances by Scott and Lowe, who became permanent cast members as characters Ben Wyatt and Chris Traeger. The episode also introduced Natalie Morales as Lucy, Tom's new girlfriend, and featured guest appearances by Ralph Richeson as "the ghoulish man" and regular series guests Ben Schwartz, April Marie Eden and Alison Becker. The idea of Pawnee's governmental problems were inspired by news reports at the time of a number of states shutting down schools, parks and other services due to the global recession. "The Master Plan" marked the end of the romantic relationship between Ann (Rashida Jones) and Mark (Paul Schneider), which allowed for the eventual departure of Schneider from the series. A subplot featuring romantic elements between Ann and Chris was a late addition to the script to better connect Lowe to the cast. This episode features six characters (five main characters) meeting their eventual spouses for the first time. Ann and Chris meet, Leslie and Ben meet and Tom and Lucy meet. According to Nielsen Media Research, "The Master Plan" was seen by 4.28 million household viewers, a five percent increase in viewership compared to the previous episode, "Telethon". The episode received generally positive reviews, with several commentators praising the addition of Scott and Lowe to the cast, although some said Scott had more long-term potential as a character than Lowe. The episode is widely considered a turning point in the series. "The Master Plan" and the rest of the second season of Parks and Recreation was released on DVD in the United States on November 30, 2010, which included an extended 30-minute "producer's cut" of the episode..comment "The Master Plan" is the 23rd and penultimate episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the 29th overall episode of the series. It originally aired on NBC in the United States on May 13, 2010. In the episode, Pawnee's major budget problems result in state auditors (Adam Scott and Rob Lowe) arriving to make major cuts, much to Leslie's horror and Ron's delight. Meanwhile, Andy contemplates asking April to be his girlfriend, and Tom seeks a new girlfriend..
4/7	==DB== The Master Plan (Dream Warriors album).
5/7	==DB== Master Plan.length 3089.0.Master Plan (Dave Weckl album).Master Plan is a 1990 studio album by drummer Dave Weckl..comment Master Plan is a 1990 studio album by drummer Dave Weckl..
6/7	==DB== California Master Plan for Higher Education.The California Master Plan for Higher Education of 1960 was developed by a survey team appointed by the UC Regents and the State Board of Education during the administration of Governor Pat Brown. Clark Kerr, then the President of UC, was a key figure in its development. The Plan set up a coherent system for postsecondary education which defined specific roles for the already-existing University of California (UC), the California State College (CSC) system of senior colleges, now California State University (CSU), and the California Community Colleges system (CCC). The Master Plan also proposed a statutory framework for its implementation, which was signed into law by Governor Brown on April 27, 1960. The statute actually implementing the Master Plan is formally titled the Donahoe Higher Education Act (now located at Part 40 of Division 3 of Title 3 of the California Education Code), to honor the memory of Assemblywoman Dorothy Donahoe of Bakersfield. Donahoe had authored the legislative resolution which eventually resulted in the study that created the Master Plan, and was one of its foremost advocates. However, she died on April 4, 1960, and did not live to see the Plan's recommendations signed into law..comment The California Master Plan for Higher Education of 1960 was developed by a survey team appointed by the UC Regents and the State Board of Education during the administration of Governor Pat Brown. Clark Kerr, then the President of UC, was a key figure in its development. The Plan set up a coherent system for postsecondary education which defined specific roles for the already-existing University of California (UC), the California State College (CSC) system of senior colleges, now California State University (CSU), and the California Community Colleges system (CCC)..
7/7	==SS== A comprehensive document that sets out an overall strategy.
===66	media player	4
1/4	==DB== Media player (software).A media player is a computer program for playing multimedia files like videos movies and music. Media players display standard media control icons known from physical devices such as tape recorders and CD players, such as play (  ), pause (  ), fastforward, backforward, and stop (  ) buttons. Mainstream operating systems have at least one built-in media player. For example, Windows comes with Windows Media Player while OS X comes with QuickTime Player. Linux distributions may also come with a media players, such as SMPlayer, Amarok, Audacious, Banshee, MPlayer, Rhythmbox, Totem, VLC, and xine..comment A media player is a computer program for playing multimedia files like videos movies and music. Media players display standard media control icons known from physical devices such as tape recorders and CD players, such as play (  ), pause (  ), fastforward, backforward, and stop (  ) buttons..
2/4	==SS== a software application for the playback of audio and video files.
3/4	==DB== Portable media player.A portable media player (PMP) or digital audio player (DAP) is a portable consumer electronics device capable of storing and playing digital media such as audio, images, and video files. The data is typically stored on a CD, DVD, flash memory, microdrive, or hard drive. Most portable media players are equipped with a 3.5 mm headphone jack, which users can plug headphones into, or connect to a boombox or hifi system. In contrast, analog portable audio players play music from non-digital media that use analog signal storage, such as cassette tapes or vinyl records. Often mobile digital audio players are marketed and sold as "portable MP3 players", even if they also support other file formats and media types. Increasing sales of smartphones and tablet computers have led to a decline in sales of portable media players, leading to some devices being phased out, though flagship devices like the Apple iPod and Sony Walkman are still in production. Portable DVD players are still manufactured by brands across the world. This article focuses on portable devices that have the main function of playing media..comment A portable media player (PMP) or digital audio player (DAP) is a portable consumer electronics device capable of storing and playing digital media such as audio, images, and video files. The data is typically stored on a CD, DVD, flash memory, microdrive, or hard drive. Most portable media players are equipped with a 3.5 mm headphone jack, which users can plug headphones into, or connect to a boombox or hifi system. In contrast, analog portable audio players play music from non-digital media that use analog signal storage, such as cassette tapes or vinyl records..
4/4	==DB== Digital media player.Digital media players (DMP) are home entertainment consumer electronics devices first introduced in 2000 that can connect to a home network to stream digital media (such as digital music, digital photos, or digital video). They should not be confused with portable media players (also known as mobile media players), which are portable consumer electronics device capable of storing and playing digital media such as audio, images, and video files. Digital media players can stream files from a personal computer and network-attached storage or from another networked media server to play back the media on a television or video projector display for home cinema. Most digital media players utilize a 10-foot user interface, and many are navigated via a remote control. Some digital media players also have Smart TV features, such as allowing users to stream media such as digital versions of movies and TV shows from the Internet or streaming services and online media sites like YouTube, Vimeo, Netflix, Hulu, Spotify, and Amazon.com. Some other digital media players allow users to play back locally stored content from an attached USB hard disk or directly connect a Hard disk drive externally, or internally in the digital media player via a Serial ATA (SATA) port. These types of digital media player are sometimes referred to as HD Media Players or HDD Media Player if they can support a Hard Disk Drive installed inside. In the 2010s, the main difference between most "digital media players" and many modern set-top boxes (also known a set-top units) is that the set-top boxes generally contain at least one TV-tuner and are as such capable of receiving broadcasting signal (cable television, satellite television, and over-the-air television, or IPTV)..comment Digital media players (DMP) are home entertainment consumer electronics devices first introduced in 2000 that can connect to a home network to stream digital media (such as digital music, digital photos, or digital video). They should not be confused with portable media players (also known as mobile media players), which are portable consumer electronics device capable of storing and playing digital media such as audio, images, and video files. Digital media players can stream files from a personal computer and network-attached storage or from another networked media server to play back the media on a television or video projector display for home cinema. Most digital media players utilize a 10-foot user interface, and many are navigated via a remote control..
===67	metro area	2
1/2	==DB== Metropolitan area.A metropolitan area, sometimes referred to as a metro area or just metro, is a region consisting of a densely populated urban core and its less-populated surrounding territories, sharing industry, infrastructure, and housing.A metro area usually comprises multiple jurisdictions and municipalities: neighborhoods, townships, cities, exurbs, suburbs, counties, districts, states, and even nations like the eurodistricts. As social, economic and political institutions have changed, metropolitan areas have become key economic and political regions. Metropolitan areas include one or more urban areas, as well as satellite cities, towns and intervening rural areas that are socio-economically tied to the urban core, typically measured by commuting patterns. For urban centres outside metropolitan areas, that generate a similar attraction at smaller scale for their region, the concept of the regiopolis and respectively regiopolitan area or regio was introduced by German professors in 2006..comment A metropolitan area, sometimes referred to as a metro area or just metro, is a region consisting of a densely populated urban core and its less-populated surrounding territories, sharing industry, infrastructure, and housing.A metro area usually comprises multiple jurisdictions and municipalities: neighborhoods, townships, cities, exurbs, suburbs, counties, districts, states, and even nations like the eurodistricts. As social, economic and political institutions have changed, metropolitan areas have become key economic and political regions. Metropolitan areas include one or more urban areas, as well as satellite cities, towns and intervening rural areas that are socio-economically tied to the urban core, typically measured by commuting patterns..
2/2	==DB== Metro Area.background group_or_band.currentMembers Morgan Geist.currentMembers Darshan Jesrani.Metro Area.Metro Area is a Brooklyn-based house and nu-disco duo composed of Morgan Geist and Darshan Jesrani..comment Metro Area is a Brooklyn-based house and nu-disco duo composed of Morgan Geist and Darshan Jesrani..
===68	morning glory	23
1/23	==DB== Morning glory.Morning glory (also written as morning-glory) is the common name for over 1,000 species of flowering plants in the family Convolvulaceae, whose current taxonomy and systematics are in flux. Morning glory species belong to many genera, some of which are:  *  Calystegia  *  Convolvulus  *  Ipomoea  *  Merremia  *  Rivea  *  Astripomoea  *  Operculina  *  Stictocardia  *  Argyreia  *  Lepistemon.comment Morning glory (also written as morning-glory) is the common name for over 1,000 species of flowering plants in the family Convolvulaceae, whose current taxonomy and systematics are in flux. Morning glory species belong to many genera, some of which are:  *  Calystegia  *  Convolvulus  *  Ipomoea  *  Merremia  *  Rivea  *  Astripomoea  *  Operculina  *  Stictocardia  *  Argyreia  *  Lepistemon.
2/23	==DB== Morning Glory cloud.The Morning Glory cloud is a rare meteorological phenomenon consisting of a low-level atmospheric solitary wave and associated cloud, occasionally observed in different locations around the world. The wave often occurs as an amplitude-ordered series of waves forming bands of roll clouds. The southern part of the Gulf of Carpentaria in Northern Australia is the only known location where it can be predicted and observed on a more or less regular basis due to the configuration of land and sea in the area..comment The Morning Glory cloud is a rare meteorological phenomenon consisting of a low-level atmospheric solitary wave and associated cloud, occasionally observed in different locations around the world. The wave often occurs as an amplitude-ordered series of waves forming bands of roll clouds. The southern part of the Gulf of Carpentaria in Northern Australia is the only known location where it can be predicted and observed on a more or less regular basis due to the configuration of land and sea in the area..
3/23	==DB== officialName Morning Glory, Texas.areaTotalKm 2.8.elevationM 1107.populationTotal 651.postalCode 79836.utcOffset -7.utcOffsetDst -6.areaLandKm 2.8.areaWaterKm 0.elevationFt 3632.Morning Glory, Texas.Morning Glory is a census-designated place (CDP) in El Paso County, Texas, United States. The population was 651 at the 2010 census. It is part of the El Paso Metropolitan Statistical Area. The ZIP Code encompassing the CDP area is 79836..comment Morning Glory is a census-designated place (CDP) in El Paso County, Texas, United States. The population was 651 at the 2010 census. It is part of the El Paso Metropolitan Statistical Area. The ZIP Code encompassing the CDP area is 79836..
4/23	==SS== Several members of the Convolvulaceae family; climbing plants with trumpet shaped flowers.
5/23	==DB== shipType Aframax oil tanker.shipName MV Morning Glory.shipLength 179.9m.shipBeam 28.1m.shipOwner National Oil Corporation, Libya or other unknown.MV Morning Glory.MV Morning Glory, formerly Gulf Glory, Bandar Ayu, and Pergiwati, is an 1993-built Aframax crude oil tanker. Considered a stateless vessel with stolen cargo the tanker was seized by United States Special Forces southeast of Cyprus in the eastern Mediterranean on March 16, 2014. The intervention occurred upon the request of the Libyan and Cypriot governments. As Gulf Glory the vessel had previously sailed under Liberian registry. In 2011 the Morning Glory was repaired at the CIC Changxing Shipyard, China..comment MV Morning Glory, formerly Gulf Glory, Bandar Ayu, and Pergiwati, is an 1993-built Aframax crude oil tanker. Considered a stateless vessel with stolen cargo the tanker was seized by United States Special Forces southeast of Cyprus in the eastern Mediterranean on March 16, 2014. The intervention occurred upon the request of the Libyan and Cypriot governments. As Gulf Glory the vessel had previously sailed under Liberian registry. In 2011 the Morning Glory was repaired at the CIC Changxing Shipyard, China..
6/23	==DB== Morning Glory.yearsActive 2001.background group_or_band.origin New York, New York City.Revolution Rock, Blacknoise, Fat Wreck.alias M. Glory.Morning Glory (band).Morning Glory is an American punk band from New York. It was formed originally as a solo project by Ezra Kire, after the band Choking Victim disbanded in 1999. They were the second band to use this name, the first being a 1960s rock band from San Francisco, who released an LP entitled "Two Suns Worth" and singles on Fontana Records in 1967..comment Morning Glory is an American punk band from New York. It was formed originally as a solo project by Ezra Kire, after the band Choking Victim disbanded in 1999. They were the second band to use this name, the first being a 1960s rock band from San Francisco, who released an LP entitled "Two Suns Worth" and singles on Fontana Records in 1967..
7/23	==DB== Morning Glory?.producer *.length 3006.0.length 4919.0.released 1995-10-02.released 1996-11-04.lastAlbum Definitely Maybe.nextAlbum Be Here Now.(What's the Story) Morning Glory?.(What's the Story) Morning Glory? is the second studio album by the English rock band Oasis, released on 2 October 1995 by Creation Records. It was produced by Owen Morris and the group's guitarist Noel Gallagher. The structure and arrangement style of the album were a significant departure from the group's previous record Definitely Maybe. Gallagher's compositions were more focused in balladry and placed more emphasis on huge choruses, with the string arrangements and more varied instrumentation on the record contrasting with the rawness of the group's debut album. (What's the Story) Morning Glory? was the group's first album with drummer Alan White, who replaced Tony McCarroll. The record propelled Oasis from being a crossover indie act to a worldwide rock phenomenon, and according to various critics, was a significant record in the timeline of British indie music. The band's most commercially successful release, (What's the Story) Morning Glory? sold a record-breaking 347,000 copies in its first week on sale, spent 10 weeks at number one on the UK Albums Chart, and reached number four in the US Billboard 200. Singles from the album were successful in Britain, America and Australia: "Some Might Say" and "Don't Look Back in Anger" reached number one in the UK; "Champagne Supernova" and "Wonderwall" reached number one on the US Modern Rock Tracks chart; and "Wonderwall" topped the Australian and New Zealand singles charts. Although a commercial smash, the record received initially lukewarm reviews from mainstream music critics; many contemporary reviewers deemed it inferior to Definitely Maybe, with the songwriting and production particular points of criticism. In the ensuing years, however, critical opinion towards the album reversed, and it is now generally considered a seminal record of both the Britpop era, and the 1990s in general. Over several months in 1995 and 1996, the band performed an extensive world tour in support of the album. The most notable of the concerts were two Knebworth House performances in August to a combined crowd of 250,000 people. At the 1996 Brit Awards, the album won Best British Album. At the 2010 Brit Awards, (What's the Story) Morning Glory? was named the greatest British album since 1980. It has sold over 22 million copies worldwide, and appears on several lists of the greatest albums in rock music..comment (What's the Story) Morning Glory? is the second studio album by the English rock band Oasis, released on 2 October 1995 by Creation Records. It was produced by Owen Morris and the group's guitarist Noel Gallagher. The structure and arrangement style of the album were a significant departure from the group's previous record Definitely Maybe. Gallagher's compositions were more focused in balladry and placed more emphasis on huge choruses, with the string arrangements and more varied instrumentation on the record contrasting with the rawness of the group's debut album. (What's the Story) Morning Glory? was the group's first album with drummer Alan White, who replaced Tony McCarroll..
8/23	==DB== showName Morning Glory.firstAired 2006-01-14.lastAired 2006-01-28.followedBy Freshly Squeezed.precededBy RI:SE.Morning Glory (TV programme).Morning Glory was the fourth attempt at breakfast television live programming on Channel 4. It was presented by Dermot O'Leary every weekday morning from 8.30 - 9 am. Due to low ratings, despite having Big Brother's Little Breakfast as a lead in show, it was not renewed..comment Morning Glory was the fourth attempt at breakfast television live programming on Channel 4. It was presented by Dermot O'Leary every weekday morning from 8.30 - 9 am. Due to low ratings, despite having Big Brother's Little Breakfast as a lead in show, it was not renewed..
9/23	==DB== Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology.length 4633.0.length 4400.0.lastAlbum Live at the Folklore Center 1967.nextAlbum The Dream Belongs to Me: Rare and Unreleased 1968 - 1973.Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology.Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology is a compilation album by Tim Buckley. The two cds give an overview of Tim Buckley's career. The compilation contains material from the many phases of Buckley's career, and includes a previously unreleased version of "Song to the Siren", as performed in 1968 on The Monkees. The photo used for the cover art was taken by Linda Eastman, more commonly known as Linda McCartney..comment Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology is a compilation album by Tim Buckley. The two cds give an overview of Tim Buckley's career. The compilation contains material from the many phases of Buckley's career, and includes a previously unreleased version of "Song to the Siren", as performed in 1968 on The Monkees. The photo used for the cover art was taken by Linda Eastman, more commonly known as Linda McCartney..
10/23	==DB== Morning Glory (singles box).
11/23	==DB== Morning Glory.distributor RKO Radio Pictures.runtime 4200.0.starring Adolphe Menjou.starring Douglas Fairbanks, Jr..budget 239000.0.gross 582000.0.Morning Glory (1933 film).Morning Glory is a 1933 Pre-Code American drama film which tells the story of an eager would-be actress and her journey to stardom, and what she loses as a result. The picture stars Katharine Hepburn, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., and Adolphe Menjou, was adapted by Howard J. Green from a then not yet stage produced play with the same name by Zoë Akins, and was directed by Lowell Sherman. Hepburn won her first Academy Award for Best Actress for this movie. Morning Glory was remade in 1958 under the title Stage Struck..comment Morning Glory is a 1933 Pre-Code American drama film which tells the story of an eager would-be actress and her journey to stardom, and what she loses as a result. The picture stars Katharine Hepburn, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., and Adolphe Menjou, was adapted by Howard J. Green from a then not yet stage produced play with the same name by Zoë Akins, and was directed by Lowell Sherman. Hepburn won her first Academy Award for Best Actress for this movie. Morning Glory was remade in 1958 under the title Stage Struck..
12/23	==DB== Morning Glory (Tim Buckley song).
13/23	==DB== 
14/23	==DB== Morning Glory (pony).
15/23	==DB== Morning Glory.length 217.0.released 2010-01-11.lastSingle "Joy/Happy Ending".nextSingle "Is This Love?".Morning Glory (Bonnie Pink song)."Morning Glory" is Bonnie Pink's second digital single. The single was released under the Warner Music Japan label on January 11, 2010..comment "Morning Glory" is Bonnie Pink's second digital single. The single was released under the Warner Music Japan label on January 11, 2010..
16/23	==DB== Morning Glory.runtime 6420.0.budget 4.0E7.gross 6.0E7.Morning Glory (2010 film).Morning Glory is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Roger Michell and written by Aline Brosh McKenna. It stars Rachel McAdams, Harrison Ford and Diane Keaton, with Patrick Wilson, John Pankow and Jeff Goldblum. The plot revolves around young and devoted morning television producer Becky Fuller (McAdams), who is hired as an executive producer on the long-running morning show DayBreak, at a once-prominent but currently failing station in New York City. Eager to keep the show on air, she recruits a former news journalist and anchor (Ford) who disapproves of co-hosting a show that does not deal with real news stories. After some delays, the film was released in the United States on November 10, 2010, and abroad in 2011. This marked the first time that Bad Robot Productions produced a comedy film. Morning Glory received mixed reviews and had moderate success at the box office, grossing $60 million worldwide. The theme song of the film is "Strip Me" by Natasha Bedingfield..comment Morning Glory is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Roger Michell and written by Aline Brosh McKenna. It stars Rachel McAdams, Harrison Ford and Diane Keaton, with Patrick Wilson, John Pankow and Jeff Goldblum. The plot revolves around young and devoted morning television producer Becky Fuller (McAdams), who is hired as an executive producer on the long-running morning show DayBreak, at a once-prominent but currently failing station in New York City. Eager to keep the show on air, she recruits a former news journalist and anchor (Ford) who disapproves of co-hosting a show that does not deal with real news stories..
17/23	==DB== Morning Glory Zell-Ravenheart.birthDate 1948-05-27.birthPlace Long Beach, California, U.S..deathDate 2014-05-13.deathPlace Cotati, California, U.S..religion Church of All Worlds.birthName Diana Moore.knownFor Polyamory, neopagan community leadership.residence Sonoma County, California, U.S..otherNames Morning Glory Ferns.otherNames Morning Glory Zell.otherNames Morning G'Zell.Morning Glory Zell-Ravenheart.Morning Glory Zell-Ravenheart (May 27, 1948 – May 13, 2014), born as Diana Moore, subsequently known as Morning Glory Ferns, Morning Glory Zell and briefly Morning G'Zell, was a Neopagan community leader, author, lecturer, and priestess of the Church of All Worlds. An advocate of polyamory, she is credited with coining the word. With her husband Oberon Zell-Ravenheart she designed deity images..comment Morning Glory Zell-Ravenheart (May 27, 1948 – May 13, 2014), born as Diana Moore, subsequently known as Morning Glory Ferns, Morning Glory Zell and briefly Morning G'Zell, was a Neopagan community leader, author, lecturer, and priestess of the Church of All Worlds. An advocate of polyamory, she is credited with coining the word. With her husband Oberon Zell-Ravenheart she designed deity images..
18/23	==DB== Morning Glory Pool.Morning Glory Pool is a hot spring in the Upper Geyser Basin of Yellowstone National Park in the United States..comment Morning Glory Pool is a hot spring in the Upper Geyser Basin of Yellowstone National Park in the United States..
19/23	==DB== Morning Glory.producer Tracks 1-5: Bernie Andrews.length 1885.0.released 1994-07-28.lastAlbum Peel Sessions.nextAlbum Live at the Troubadour 1969.recorded --04-01.Morning Glory (Tim Buckley album).Morning Glory is a compilation album by Tim Buckley. The album is a compilation of the Buckley's 1968 John Peel session (see Peel Sessions) and two further tracks ("Honeyman" and Fred Neil's "Dolphins") taken from the May 21, 1974 performance for, BBC TV music series, The Old Grey Whistle Test. The performance of "Dolphins" is also available as a video on 2007 DVD release Tim Buckley: My Fleeting House. Morning Glory should not be confused with 2001 release Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology..comment Morning Glory is a compilation album by Tim Buckley. The album is a compilation of the Buckley's 1968 John Peel session (see Peel Sessions) and two further tracks ("Honeyman" and Fred Neil's "Dolphins") taken from the May 21, 1974 performance for, BBC TV music series, The Old Grey Whistle Test. The performance of "Dolphins" is also available as a video on 2007 DVD release Tim Buckley: My Fleeting House. Morning Glory should not be confused with 2001 release Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology..
20/23	==DB== Morning Glory (Eureka Seven episode).
21/23	==DB== Morning glory disc anomaly.The morning glory disc anomaly (MGDA) is a congenital deformity resulting from failure of the optic nerve to completely form in utero. The term was coined in 1970 by Kindler, noting a resemblance of the malformed optic nerve to the morning glory flower. The condition is usually unilateral. On fundoscopic examination, there are three principal findings comprising the anomaly: 1.   * an enlarged, funnel-shaped excavation in optic disc 2.   * an annulus or ring of chorioretinal pigmentary changes surrounding the optic disc excavation 3.   * a central glial tuft overlying the optic disc.comment The morning glory disc anomaly (MGDA) is a congenital deformity resulting from failure of the optic nerve to completely form in utero. The term was coined in 1970 by Kindler, noting a resemblance of the malformed optic nerve to the morning glory flower. The condition is usually unilateral. On fundoscopic examination, there are three principal findings comprising the anomaly: 1.   * an enlarged, funnel-shaped excavation in optic disc 2.   * an annulus or ring of chorioretinal pigmentary changes surrounding the optic disc excavation 3.   * a central glial tuft overlying the optic disc.
22/23	==DB== Morning Glory.producer Owen Morris, Noel Gallagher.length 303.0.released 1995-09-15.bSide "Live Forever".bSide "It's Better People".bSide "Rockin' Chair".lastSingle "Roll with It".nextSingle "Wonderwall".Morning Glory (Oasis song)."Morning Glory" is a song by the English rock band Oasis, written by Noel Gallagher, and released on the band's second album (What's the Story) Morning Glory? in September 1995. It was given an Australian-only single release and was also a radio single in the United States..comment "Morning Glory" is a song by the English rock band Oasis, written by Noel Gallagher, and released on the band's second album (What's the Story) Morning Glory? in September 1995. It was given an Australian-only single release and was also a radio single in the United States..
23/23	==DB== Morning Glory.utcOffset -5.utcOffsetDst -4.elevationFt 771.Morning Glory, Kentucky.Morning Glory is an unincorporated community located in Nicholas County, Kentucky, United States. Its post office  closed in 1921..comment Morning Glory is an unincorporated community located in Nicholas County, Kentucky, United States. Its post office  closed in 1921..
===69	mother tongue	7
1/7	==DB== Mother Tongue Records.Mother Tongue Records is an independent record label formed in the early 1990s that featured the 12 piece glam-orchestral Britpop band My Life Story, the label was resurrected in the early 2000s with The Barbs, Nick Oliveri, Boy Genius and The Long Weekend among its acts. The label continues to release material and is based in Camden, North London..comment Mother Tongue Records is an independent record label formed in the early 1990s that featured the 12 piece glam-orchestral Britpop band My Life Story, the label was resurrected in the early 2000s with The Barbs, Nick Oliveri, Boy Genius and The Long Weekend among its acts. The label continues to release material and is based in Camden, North London..
2/7	==DB== 
3/7	==DB== Mother tongue.
4/7	==DB== Mother Tongue (journal).Mother Tongue is an annual academic journal published by the Association for the Study of Language in Prehistory (ASLIP) that has been published since 1995. Its goal is to encourage international and interdisciplinary information sharing, discussion, and debate among geneticists, paleoanthropologists, archaeologists, and historical linguists on questions relating to the origin of language and ancestral human spoken languages. This includes, but is not limited to, discussion of linguistic macrofamily hypotheses..comment Mother Tongue is an annual academic journal published by the Association for the Study of Language in Prehistory (ASLIP) that has been published since 1995. Its goal is to encourage international and interdisciplinary information sharing, discussion, and debate among geneticists, paleoanthropologists, archaeologists, and historical linguists on questions relating to the origin of language and ancestral human spoken languages. This includes, but is not limited to, discussion of linguistic macrofamily hypotheses..
5/7	==DB== The Mother Tongue (book).
6/7	==SS== The language one first learned; the language one grew up with; one's native language.
7/7	==DB== First language.A first language (also native language, father tongue/mother tongue, arterial language, or L1) is the language or are the languages a person has been exposed to from birth or within the critical period, or that a person speaks the best and so is often the basis for sociolinguistic identity. In some countries, the terms native language or mother tongue refer to the language of one's ethnic group rather than one's first language. Children brought up speaking more than one language can have more than one native language, and be bilingual. By contrast, a second language is any language that one speaks other than one's first language..comment A first language (also native language, father tongue/mother tongue, arterial language, or L1) is the language or are the languages a person has been exposed to from birth or within the critical period, or that a person speaks the best and so is often the basis for sociolinguistic identity. In some countries, the terms native language or mother tongue refer to the language of one's ethnic group rather than one's first language. Children brought up speaking more than one language can have more than one native language, and be bilingual..
===70	movie star	3
1/3	==SS== A leading actor in a movie, especially one perceived as a celebrity
2/3	==DB== Movie star.A movie star (also known as a film star and cinema star) is a celebrity who is well-known, or famous, for his or her starring, or leading, roles in motion pictures. The term may also apply to an actor or actress who is recognized as a marketable commodity and whose name is used to promote a movie in trailers and posters. The most widely known, prominent or successful actors are sometimes called “superstars” by writers and journalists. When a small number of suppliers dominate a market those suppliers become superstars. According to an online dictionary, a movie star is an actor or actress who is famous for playing leading roles in movies..comment A movie star (also known as a film star and cinema star) is a celebrity who is well-known, or famous, for his or her starring, or leading, roles in motion pictures. The term may also apply to an actor or actress who is recognized as a marketable commodity and whose name is used to promote a movie in trailers and posters. The most widely known, prominent or successful actors are sometimes called “superstars” by writers and journalists. When a small number of suppliers dominate a market those suppliers become superstars. According to an online dictionary, a movie star is an actor or actress who is famous for playing leading roles in movies..
3/3	==DB== Movie Star.Movie Star, Inc. is a New York City-based manufacturer, marketer and seller of lingerie, sleepwear and other types of clothing. Organized in 1935 and formerly known as Sanmark Stardust, Inc., the company became Movie Star, Inc. in 1992. It was acquired by Frederick's of Hollywood in 2006, who sold the company to Dolce Vita Intimates in 2010..comment Movie Star, Inc. is a New York City-based manufacturer, marketer and seller of lingerie, sleepwear and other types of clothing. Organized in 1935 and formerly known as Sanmark Stardust, Inc., the company became Movie Star, Inc. in 1992. It was acquired by Frederick's of Hollywood in 2006, who sold the company to Dolce Vita Intimates in 2010..
===71	north bank	4
1/4	==DB== officialName North Bank.North Bank Division.North Bank was one of the five administrative divisions of the Gambia. Its capital was Kerewan. It was subsequently reorganised as the Kerewan Local Government Area (LGA), without any change in the area covered..comment North Bank was one of the five administrative divisions of the Gambia. Its capital was Kerewan. It was subsequently reorganised as the Kerewan Local Government Area (LGA), without any change in the area covered..
2/4	==DB== North Bank tunnel project.location Waitaki River, New Zealand.status Proposed.North Bank tunnel.The North Bank tunnel concept was a hydroelectric scheme being developed by Meridian Energy on the Waitaki River in Canterbury, New Zealand. The $993 million project was expected to produce an additional 1,100 to 1,400 gigawatt-hours (4,000 to 5,000 TJ) per annum, and take up to 260 cubic metres per second (9,200 cu ft/s) of water from Lake Waitaki. The project would have resulted in a 275 gigawatt-hours (990 TJ) per annum reduction in output from the Waitaki hydro station. Discovery of geological faultlines prompted a rethink of the project, including consideration of using a canal instead of a tunnel. Work on the project was suspended in January 2013 due to a forecast of flat demand for electricity for the next five years. This project is at a similar location to Project Aqua, a hydroelectric power proposal abandoned by Meridian in 2004..comment The North Bank tunnel concept was a hydroelectric scheme being developed by Meridian Energy on the Waitaki River in Canterbury, New Zealand. The $993 million project was expected to produce an additional 1,100 to 1,400 gigawatt-hours (4,000 to 5,000 TJ) per annum, and take up to 260 cubic metres per second (9,200 cu ft/s) of water from Lake Waitaki. The project would have resulted in a 275 gigawatt-hours (990 TJ) per annum reduction in output from the Waitaki hydro station. This project is at a similar location to Project Aqua, a hydroelectric power proposal abandoned by Meridian in 2004..
3/4	==DB== North Bank Depot Buildings.location 1029.built 1908.added 1996-02-22.refnum 96000124.North Bank Depot Buildings.The North Bank Depot Buildings, located in central Portland, Oregon, United States, are a pair of buildings formerly used as a freight warehouse and passenger terminal for the Spokane, Portland and Seattle Railway (SP&S). Formed in 1905, the SP&S was commonly known as the North Bank Road (or North Bank road, "road" being short for railroad) during the period in which these buildings were in use. The Portland buildings' passenger facilities were also used by the Oregon Electric Railway after that railway was acquired by the SP&S. Located in what is now known as the Pearl District, the buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. They were in use by the SP&S and its successor, Burlington Northern Railroad, from 1908 until the 1980s. Only the east building was used as a passenger station, and this usage lasted from 1908 until 1931..comment The North Bank Depot Buildings, located in central Portland, Oregon, United States, are a pair of buildings formerly used as a freight warehouse and passenger terminal for the Spokane, Portland and Seattle Railway (SP&S). Formed in 1905, the SP&S was commonly known as the North Bank Road (or North Bank road, "road" being short for railroad) during the period in which these buildings were in use. The Portland buildings' passenger facilities were also used by the Oregon Electric Railway after that railway was acquired by the SP&S. Located in what is now known as the Pearl District, the buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. They were in use by the SP&S and its successor, Burlington Northern Railroad, from 1908 until the 1980s. Only the east building was us.
4/4	==DB== North Bank Highway.
===72	open market	3
1/3	==DB== Open Market.fate Bankruptcy.defunct 2003.Open Market.Open Market was an ecommerce software startup, founded in Cambridge, Massachusetts in early 1994. It went public in 1996 on the Nasdaq exchange under the symbol OMKT as one of the first ecommerce IPOs. The stock more than doubled on its first day of trading, ending with a $1.2 billion market capitalization. It relocated to Burlington, Massachusetts in early 1998. In 1999, Open Market acquired Future Tense, founded in 1995, to combine its ecommerce software with Future Tense's content management system. Open Market was later acquired by Divine in 2001 for about $59 million. Divine later filed for bankruptcy in early 2003. In the same year, Soverain Software acquired Open Market's ecommerce assets, including the TRANSACT product. FatWire Software acquired Open Market's content management business from the Divine bankruptcy. FatWire has extended the Open Market software and currently services Open Market's original content management customer base..comment Open Market was an ecommerce software startup, founded in Cambridge, Massachusetts in early 1994. It went public in 1996 on the Nasdaq exchange under the symbol OMKT as one of the first ecommerce IPOs. The stock more than doubled on its first day of trading, ending with a $1.2 billion market capitalization. It relocated to Burlington, Massachusetts in early 1998. In 1999, Open Market acquired Future Tense, founded in 1995, to combine its ecommerce software with Future Tense's content management system..
2/3	==SS== A competitive market where buyers and sellers can operate without restrictions.
3/3	==DB== Open market.Economists judge the "openness" of markets according to the amount of government regulation of those markets, the scope for competition, and the absence or presence of local cultural customs which get in the way of trade. In principle, a fully open market is a completely free market in which all economic actors can trade without any external constraint. In reality, few markets exist which are open to that extent, since they usually cannot operate without an enforceable legal framework for trade which guarantees security of property, the fulfillment of contractual obligations associated with transactions, and the prevention of cheating. A physical open market is a space or place where anyone wishing to trade physical goods may do so free of selling charges and taxes and has come to be regarded by many activists as the ultimate social enterprise and a major tool for tackling unemployment In a more general sense the term has started to be used in economics and political economy, in which an open market refers to a market which is accessible to all economic actors. In an open market so defined, all economic actors have an equal opportunity of entry in that market. This contrasts with a market closed by a monopoly or oligopoly which dominate an industry, and with a protected market in which entry is conditional on certain financial and legal requirements or which is subject to tariff barriers, taxes, levies or state subsidies which effectively prevent some economic actors from participating in them (see protectionism). The concept of an open market in this general sense is sometimes criticized on the ground that participation in it is conditional on having sufficient money, income or assets. Lacking sufficient money, income or assets, people may be effectively excluded from participation. Thus, whereas people may have sufficient funds to participate in some markets, their funds are inadequate to participate in other markets. This raises the question of whether markets are ever truly "open", and suggests that the "openness" of markets is more a relative concept. In response to this type of criticism, the concept of open market is often redefined to mean a situation of free competition, and the inability to participate is explained as a lack of competitiveness. On this view, if people were more competitive they would be able to participate, and thus their lack of funds is due to their unwillingness to compete for resources. On this view, lack of participation in an open market is either a subjective preference or a personal defect..comment Economists judge the "openness" of markets according to the amount of government regulation of those markets, the scope for competition, and the absence or presence of local cultural customs which get in the way of trade. In principle, a fully open market is a completely free market in which all economic actors can trade without any external constraint. In reality, few markets exist which are open to that extent, since they usually cannot operate without an enforceable legal framework for trade which guarantees security of property, the fulfillment of contractual obligations associated with transactions, and the prevention of cheating..
===73	piano lesson	2
1/2	==DB== Piano pedagogy.Piano pedagogy is the study of the teaching of piano playing. Whereas the professional field of music education pertains to the teaching of music in school classrooms or group settings, piano pedagogy focuses on the teaching of musical skills to individual piano students. This is often done via private or semiprivate instructions, commonly referred to as piano lessons. The practitioners of piano pedagogy are called piano pedagogues, or simply, piano teachers..comment Piano pedagogy is the study of the teaching of piano playing. Whereas the professional field of music education pertains to the teaching of music in school classrooms or group settings, piano pedagogy focuses on the teaching of musical skills to individual piano students. This is often done via private or semiprivate instructions, commonly referred to as piano lessons. The practitioners of piano pedagogy are called piano pedagogues, or simply, piano teachers..
2/2	==DB== The Piano Lesson.genre Drama.subject 1930.0.characters Grace.characters Avery.characters Doaker.characters Berniece.characters Boy Willie.characters Lymon.characters Wining Boy.characters Maretha.setting The living room and kitchen of Doaker Charles's household. Pittsburgh, 1936..premiere 1987-11-26.The Piano Lesson.The Piano Lesson is a 1990 play by American playwright August Wilson. It is the fourth play in Wilson's The Pittsburgh Cycle. Wilson began writing this play by playing with the various answers regarding the possibility of "acquir[ing] a sense of self-worth by denying one's past". The Piano Lesson received the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. A Romare Bearden painting, The Piano Lesson, inspired Wilson to write a play featuring a strong female character to confront African-American history, paralleling Troy in earlier Fences. However, on finishing his play, Wilson found the ending to stray from the empowered female character as well as from the question regarding self-worth. What The Piano Lesson finally seems to ask is: "What do you do with your legacy, and how do you best put it to use?" Set in 1936 Pittsburgh during the aftermath of the Great Depression, The Piano Lesson follows the lives of the Charles family in the Doaker Charles household and an heirloom, the family piano. The play focuses on the arguments between a brother and a sister who have different ideas on what to do with the piano. The brother, Boy Willie, is a sharecropper who wants to sell the piano to buy the land (Sutter's land) where his ancestors toiled as slaves. The sister, Berniece, remains emphatic about keeping the piano, which shows the carved faces of their great-grandfather's wife and son during the days of their enslavement..comment The Piano Lesson is a 1990 play by American playwright August Wilson. It is the fourth play in Wilson's The Pittsburgh Cycle. Wilson began writing this play by playing with the various answers regarding the possibility of "acquir[ing] a sense of self-worth by denying one's past". The Piano Lesson received the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for Drama..
===74	pit stop	4
1/4	==DB== Pit stop.In motorsports, a pit stop is where a racing vehicle stops in the pits during a race for refuelling, new tyres, repairs, mechanical adjustments, a driver change, as a penalty, or any combination of the above. Not all of these are allowed in all forms of racing. While the term is still used in motorsports, it also gained popularity with driving in general when embarking on long road trips, suggesting a brief break from driving, as well as a refuelling stop. These "pit stops" grant the travelers a bathroom-break, a breakfast/lunch/dinner break and a chance to take in the local scenery. The pits usually comprise a pit lane which runs parallel to the start/finish straight and is connected at each end to the main track, and a row of garages (usually one per team) outside which the work is done. Pit stop work is carried out by anywhere from two to twenty mechanics (also called a "pit crew"), depending on the series regulations, while the driver often waits in the vehicle (except where a driver change is involved or in Motorbike racing). Depending on the circuit, the garage may be located on pit lane or in a separate area. Most North American circuits feature a pit lane with a number of pit stalls (typically 30-50) and a pit wall that separates the pit lane from the infield, with the garages (if used) on a separate road in the infield. In races where there are different series racing together, each series has its own separate garage or are parked in their own area. Circuits in other parts of the World (used in Formula One) typically have the individual garages open directly onto the pit lane through the team's assigned pit box. In American English, it is common to drop the definite article and just refer to "pit road", whereas in British English one would always refer to "the pit lane". A further difference is that in British English, the term "pit box" is universally used, whereas in American English, one would say "pit stall". It is important to note that in NASCAR, a pit box is a tool (see below), though there is a definitive term used for them. Where it is permitted, refuelling is often an important purpose of a pit stop. Carrying fuel slows down a vehicle and there is often a limit on the size of the fuel tank, so many races require multiple stops for fuel to complete the race distance in the minimum time. Changing tyres is also common to permit the use of softer tyres that wear faster but provide more grip, to use tyres suitable for wet conditions, or to use a range of tyres designated by the rules. Teams will aim for each of their vehicles to pit following a planned schedule, with the number of stops determined by many factors such as fuel capacity, tyre lifespan, and the trade-off between time lost in the pits versus time gained on the track due to the benefits of pit stops. Choosing the optimum pit strategy of how many stops to make and when to make them is crucial in having a successful race. It is also important for teams to take competitors' strategies into account when planning pit stops, to avoid being held up behind a competitor where overtaking is difficult or risky. An unscheduled or extended stop, such as for a repair, can be very costly for a driver's chance of success, because while they are stopped for service, competitors remaining on the track are gaining time on them. For this reason, the pit crew often undergo intensive training to perform operations such as tyre changes as quickly as possible leading to pit stops, for example in Formula 1, where the car is only stationary for a few seconds for a regular pit stop. In most series the order of the order of the teams' pit boxes is assigned by points standings, race results, or previous qualifying results before the start of the race. In NASCAR and in INDYCAR's Indianapolis 500, typically pit assignments are made after qualifying, with the fastest qualifiers choosing their pit stall first..comment In motorsports, a pit stop is where a racing vehicle stops in the pits during a race for refuelling, new tyres, repairs, mechanical adjustments, a driver change, as a penalty, or any combination of the above. Not all of these are allowed in all forms of racing. While the term is still used in motorsports, it also gained popularity with driving in general when embarking on long road trips, suggesting a brief break from driving, as well as a refuelling stop. These "pit stops" grant the travelers a bathroom-break, a breakfast/lunch/dinner break and a chance to take in the local scenery..
2/4	==DB== Penelope Pitstop.Penelope Pitstop.Penelope Pitstop is a fictional character who appeared in the Hanna-Barbera animated series Wacky Races, and starred in the spin-off The Perils of Penelope Pitstop, voiced by Janet Waldo..comment Penelope Pitstop is a fictional character who appeared in the Hanna-Barbera animated series Wacky Races, and starred in the spin-off The Perils of Penelope Pitstop, voiced by Janet Waldo..
3/4	==DB== publisher Epyx.title Pitstop.Pitstop (video game).Pitstop is a 1983 racing video game developed and published by Epyx for the Atari 8-bit family, ColecoVision, Coleco Adam, and Commodore 64. Pitstop was noted for its implementation of a pit stop, a concept not featured in many other racing video games at the time. A sequel, Pitstop II, was released in 1984..comment Pitstop is a 1983 racing video game developed and published by Epyx for the Atari 8-bit family, ColecoVision, Coleco Adam, and Commodore 64. Pitstop was noted for its implementation of a pit stop, a concept not featured in many other racing video games at the time. A sequel, Pitstop II, was released in 1984..
4/4	==SS== A stop made during an automobile race at the pit to refuel and perform other periodic maintenance on the vehicle.
===75	pop singer	2
1/2	==DB== 7.0.Pop Singer.Pop Singer  Promo CD.writer Rachel Stamp.length 343.0.length 170.0.length 342.0.released --02-26.format 7".bSide "Sluts & Sharks".nextSingle "Hey Hey Michael You're Really Fantastic".Pop Singer."Pop Singer" is the début single from London-based glam rockers Rachel Stamp. It was released in February, 1996 through WEA. The single was released as a 2 track CD Single and limited edition pink 7" vinyl of 1000 copies. A promo video was also made for the single's release..comment "Pop Singer" is the début single from London-based glam rockers Rachel Stamp. It was released in February, 1996 through WEA. The single was released as a 2 track CD Single and limited edition pink 7" vinyl of 1000 copies. A promo video was also made for the single's release..
2/2	==DB== Singing.Singing is the act of producing musical sounds with the voice, and augments regular speech by the use of sustained tonality, rhythm, and a variety of vocal techniques. A person who sings is called a singer or vocalist. Singers perform music (arias, recitatives, songs, etc.) that can be sung with or without accompaniment by musical instruments. Singing is often done in an ensemble of musicians, such as a choir of singers or a band of instrumentalists. Singers may perform as soloists, or accompanied by anything from a single instrument (as in art song or some jazz styles) up to a symphony orchestra or big band. Different singing styles include art music such as opera and Chinese opera, religious music styles such as gospel, traditional music styles, world music, jazz, blues and popular music styles such as pop and rock. Singing can be formal or informal, arranged or improvised. It may be done as a form of religious devotion, as a hobby, as a source of pleasure, comfort, or ritual, as part of music education, or as a profession. Excellence in singing requires time, dedication, instruction, and regular practice. If practice is done on a regular basis then the sounds can become more clear and strong. Professional singers usually build their careers around one specific musical genre, such as classical or rock, although there are singers with crossover success (singing in more than one genre). They typically take voice training provided by voice teachers or vocal coaches throughout their careers..comment Singing is the act of producing musical sounds with the voice, and augments regular speech by the use of sustained tonality, rhythm, and a variety of vocal techniques. A person who sings is called a singer or vocalist. Singers perform music (arias, recitatives, songs, etc.) that can be sung with or without accompaniment by musical instruments. Singing is often done in an ensemble of musicians, such as a choir of singers or a band of instrumentalists. Singers may perform as soloists, or accompanied by anything from a single instrument (as in art song or some jazz styles) up to a symphony orchestra or big band. Different singing styles include art music such as opera and Chinese opera, religious music styles such as gospel, traditional music styles, world music, jazz, blues and popular music.
===76	quality control	5
1/5	==DB== 
2/5	==DB== Quality control.Quality control, or QC for short, is a process by which entities review the quality of all factors involved in production. ISO 9000 defines quality control as "A part of quality management focused on fulfilling quality requirements". This approach places an emphasis on three aspects: 1.   *  Elements such as controls, job management, defined and well managed processes, performance and integrity criteria, and identification of records 2.   *  Competence, such as knowledge, skills, experience, and qualifications 3.   *  Soft elements, such as personnel, integrity, confidence, organizational culture, motivation, team spirit, and quality relationships. Controls include product inspection, where every product is examined visually, and often using a stereo microscope for fine detail before the product is sold into the external market. Inspectors will be provided with lists and descriptions of unacceptable product defects such as cracks or surface blemishes for example. The quality of the outputs is at risk if any of these three aspects is deficient in any way. Quality control emphasizes testing of products to uncover defects and reporting to management who make the decision to allow or deny product release, whereas quality assurance attempts to improve and stabilize production (and associated processes) to avoid, or at least minimize, issues which led to the defect(s) in the first place. For contract work, particularly work awarded by government agencies, quality control issues are among the top reasons for not renewing a contract..comment Quality control, or QC for short, is a process by which entities review the quality of all factors involved in production. ISO 9000 defines quality control as "A part of quality management focused on fulfilling quality requirements". This approach places an emphasis on three aspects: The quality of the outputs is at risk if any of these three aspects is deficient in any way..
3/5	==DB== Quality Control.released 2000-06-06.lastAlbum Jurassic 5 LP.nextAlbum Power in Numbers.Quality Control (album).Quality Control is the second studio album by American hip hop group Jurassic 5. It was released on Interscope Records in 2000..comment Quality Control is the second studio album by American hip hop group Jurassic 5. It was released on Interscope Records in 2000..
4/5	==DB== Analytical quality control.Analytical quality control, commonly shortened to AQC refers to all those processes and procedures designed to ensure that the results of laboratory analysis are consistent, comparable, accurate and within specified limits of precision. Constituents submitted to the analytical laboratory must be accurately described to avoid faulty interpretations, approximations, or incorrect results. The qualitative and quantitative data generated from the laboratory can then be used for decision making. In the chemical sense, quantitative analysis refers to the measurement of the amount or concentration of an element or chemical compound in a matrix that differs from the element or compound. Fields such as industry, medicine, and law enforcement can make use of AQC..comment Analytical quality control, commonly shortened to AQC refers to all those processes and procedures designed to ensure that the results of laboratory analysis are consistent, comparable, accurate and within specified limits of precision. Constituents submitted to the analytical laboratory must be accurately described to avoid faulty interpretations, approximations, or incorrect results. The qualitative and quantitative data generated from the laboratory can then be used for decision making. In the chemical sense, quantitative analysis refers to the measurement of the amount or concentration of an element or chemical compound in a matrix that differs from the element or compound. Fields such as industry, medicine, and law enforcement can make use of AQC..
5/5	==SS== A control, such as inspection or testing, introduced into an industrial or business process to ensure quality.
===77	radio station	3
1/3	==DB== Radio station.A radio station is a set of equipment necessary to carry on communication via radio waves. Generally, it is a receiver or transmitter, an antenna, and some smaller additional equipment necessary to operate them. Radio stations play a vital role in communication technology as they are heavily relied on to transfer data and information across the world. More broadly, the definition of a radio station includes the aforementioned equipment and a building in which it is installed. Such a station may include several "radio stations" defined above (i.e. several sets of receivers or transmitters installed in one building but functioning independently, and several antennas installed on a field next to the building). This definition of a radio station is more often referred to as a transmitter site, transmitter station, transmission facility or transmitting station. An example of this definition is Bethany Relay Station of the Voice of America which had seven broadcast transmitters and could broadcast up to seven independent programs (even produced by different broadcasters) simultaneously, as well as several communications transmitters and receivers..comment A radio station is a set of equipment necessary to carry on communication via radio waves. Generally, it is a receiver or transmitter, an antenna, and some smaller additional equipment necessary to operate them. Radio stations play a vital role in communication technology as they are heavily relied on to transfer data and information across the world..
2/3	==DB== Radio broadcasting.Radio broadcasting is a unidirectional wireless transmission over radio waves intended to reach a wide audience. Stations can be linked in radio networks to broadcast a common radio format, either in broadcast syndication or simulcast or both. Audio broadcasting also can be done via cable radio, local wire television networks, satellite radio, and internet radio via streaming media on the Internet. The signal types can be either analog audio or digital audio..comment Radio broadcasting is a unidirectional wireless transmission over radio waves intended to reach a wide audience. Stations can be linked in radio networks to broadcast a common radio format, either in broadcast syndication or simulcast or both. Audio broadcasting also can be done via cable radio, local wire television networks, satellite radio, and internet radio via streaming media on the Internet. The signal types can be either analog audio or digital audio..
3/3	==SS== A broadcast station, usually housed in a small building, from which radio programs are transmitted.
===78	release date	2
1/2	==DB== Software release life cycle.A software release life cycle is the sum of the stages of development and maturity for a piece of computer software: ranging from its initial development to its eventual release, and including updated versions of the released version to help improve software or fix bugs still present in the software..comment A software release life cycle is the sum of the stages of development and maturity for a piece of computer software: ranging from its initial development to its eventual release, and including updated versions of the released version to help improve software or fix bugs still present in the software..
2/2	==DB== Release Date.length 4250.0.released 2007-02-26.lastAlbum Blood Sample.nextAlbum Below Zero.recorded Seahorse Studios in Hästholmen, Vuosaari, Helsinki and Nosturi, Helsinki, October 2006.Release Date.Release Date is the 12th studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari. The track "Spokebone" is a collaboration between Waltari, Tomi Joutsen of Amorphis, and the Finnish folk group Värttinä..comment Release Date is the 12th studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari. The track "Spokebone" is a collaboration between Waltari, Tomi Joutsen of Amorphis, and the Finnish folk group Värttinä..
===79	rice field	2
1/2	==DB== Rice Track/Soccer Stadium.Rice Track/Soccer Stadium is a stadium in Houston, Texas. It is primarily used for track and field and soccer for the Rice University Owls. It sits on the location of Rice Field, Rice's old football stadium that was used prior to the opening of Rice Stadium in 1950. The venue held less than 37,000 people for football. Today, it holds approximately 5,000 people. Part of the grandstand from the visitor's side of the old football stadium is used as the current grandstand, although the bleachers were removed. Today, there are about 100 permanent seats on the stone terracing. The soccer field was installed in 2000-2001 after Rice added women's soccer as a varsity sport. In October 2002, the stadium hosted a WUSA exhibition match between the Washington Freedom (featuring Mia Hamm) and the Atlanta Beat. The event set the current stadium record with more than 5,000 tickets sold. The stadium hosted another WUSA exhibition in 2003 and has hosted two conference soccer tournaments: the Western Athletic Conference Tournament in 2002 and the Conference USA Tournament (won by Rice) in 2005. The WAC Outdoor Track & Field Championships were held there in 2002 and again in 2004. Following Rice's move to Conference USA in 2005, the C-USA Outdoor Track & Field Championships were hosted at the facility in 2007. The stadium has also served as a practice venue for soccer teams visiting Houston, including the United States men's national team, Everton of the Premier League, the Colorado Rapids and the Republic of Ireland women's national football team. The stadium has also hosted a series of summer all-comer track and field meets for more than 20 years, and notable athletes including Carl Lewis, Michael Johnson, Joanna Hayes and Bryan Bronson have competed..comment Rice Track/Soccer Stadium is a stadium in Houston, Texas. It is primarily used for track and field and soccer for the Rice University Owls. It sits on the location of Rice Field, Rice's old football stadium that was used prior to the opening of Rice Stadium in 1950. The venue held less than 37,000 people for football. Today, it holds approximately 5,000 people. Part of the grandstand from the visitor's side of the old football stadium is used as the current grandstand, although the bleachers were removed. Today, there are about 100 permanent seats on the stone terracing..
2/2	==DB== Paddy field.A paddy field is a flooded parcel of arable land used for growing semiaquatic rice. Paddy cultivation should not be confused with cultivation of deep water rice, which is grown in flooded conditions with water more than 50 cm (20 in) deep for at least a month. Genetic evidence shows that all forms of paddy rice, both indica and japonica, spring from a domestication of the wild rice Oryza rufipogon that first occurred 8,200–13,500 years ago South of the Yangtze River in present-day China. However, the domesticated indica subspecies currently appears to be a product of the introgression of favorable alleles from japonica at a later date, so that there are possibly several events of cultivation and domestication. Paddy fields are the typical feature of rice farming in east, south and southeast Asia. Fields can be built into steep hillsides as terraces and adjacent to depressed or steeply sloped features such as rivers or marshes. They can require a great deal of labor and materials to create, and need large quantities of water for irrigation. Oxen and water buffalo, adapted for life in wetlands, are important working animals used extensively in paddy field farming. During the 20th century, paddy-field farming became the dominant form of growing rice. Hill tribes of Thailand still cultivate dry-soil varieties called upland rice. Paddy field farming is practiced in Cambodia, Bangladesh, China, Taiwan, India, Indonesia, Iran, Japan, North Korea, South Korea, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, the Philippines, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam, and Laos, Northern Italy, the Camargue in France, the Artibonite Valley in Haiti, and Sacramento Valley in California. Paddy fields are a major source of atmospheric methane and have been estimated to contribute in the range of 50 to 100 million tonnes of the gas per annum.Studies have shown that this can be significantly reduced while also boosting crop yield by draining the paddies to allow the soil to aerate to interrupt methane production. Studies have also shown the variability in assessment of methane emission using local, regional and global factors and calling for better inventorisation based on micro level data. The word "paddy" is derived from the Malay word padi, rice plant..comment A paddy field is a flooded parcel of arable land used for growing semiaquatic rice. Paddy cultivation should not be confused with cultivation of deep water rice, which is grown in flooded conditions with water more than 50 cm (20 in) deep for at least a month. Genetic evidence shows that all forms of paddy rice, both indica and japonica, spring from a domestication of the wild rice Oryza rufipogon that first occurred 8,200–13,500 years ago South of the Yangtze River in present-day China. However, the domesticated indica subspecies currently appears to be a product of the introgression of favorable alleles from japonica at a later date, so that there are possibly several events of cultivation and domestication. Paddy fields are the typical feature of rice farming in east, south and southeas.
===80	round trip	4
1/4	==DB== Round Trip.released 2010-07-02.lastAlbum Cinematic.Round Trip (Tony Harnell album).Round Trip is the debut album by former TNT singer Tony Harnell, released on July 2, 2010, credited to Tony Harnell & The Mercury Train. Although it is considered a solo album, Harnell says this is not his solo album but rather a project, while his debut solo album is yet to be released. The album is a collection re-recordings of classic Harnell songs from his previous bands TNT and Westworld, in a new stripped-down acoustic form, along with a new song recorded especially for this release - "Anywhere But Here". Track 12, "When I'm Away," is listed in the liner notes as a bonus track.Some copies had a sticker on the cover which mistakenly advertised songs by Starbreaker being included..comment Round Trip is the debut album by former TNT singer Tony Harnell, released on July 2, 2010, credited to Tony Harnell & The Mercury Train. Although it is considered a solo album, Harnell says this is not his solo album but rather a project, while his debut solo album is yet to be released. The album is a collection re-recordings of classic Harnell songs from his previous bands TNT and Westworld, in a new stripped-down acoustic form, along with a new song recorded especially for this release - "Anywhere But Here"..
2/4	==DB== Round Trip.length 2633.0.Round Trip (Sadao Watanabe album).Round Trip is a 1974 jazz album by the Japanese saxophonist Sadao Watanabe with Chick Corea, Miroslav Vitous and Jack DeJohnette..comment Round Trip is a 1974 jazz album by the Japanese saxophonist Sadao Watanabe with Chick Corea, Miroslav Vitous and Jack DeJohnette..
3/4	==DB== Round Trip.lastAlbum ...But the Little Girls Understand.nextAlbum Serious Fun.Round Trip (The Knack album).Round Trip is an album by power pop/new wave band The Knack that was released by Capitol Records in 1981. It received generally unfavorable critical reviews, but it reached #93 in the Billboard 200 and also contained single "Pay The Devil (Ooo, Baby, Ooo)" (hitting #67 on the Billboard Hot 100). "Boys Go Crazy" was issued as the single from the album in Australia. It was also issued as a follow up single to "Pay the Devil" in the U.S. and was expected to be "chart bound" on the Hot 100, but it did not chart. The band broke up a few weeks after its release, with their label dropping them due to failed expectations. They remained disbanded until a 1986 reunion..comment Round Trip is an album by power pop/new wave band The Knack that was released by Capitol Records in 1981. It received generally unfavorable critical reviews, but it reached #93 in the Billboard 200 and also contained single "Pay The Devil (Ooo, Baby, Ooo)" (hitting #67 on the Billboard Hot 100). "Boys Go Crazy" was issued as the single from the album in Australia. It was also issued as a follow up single to "Pay the Devil" in the U.S. and was expected to be "chart bound" on the Hot 100, but it did not chart. The band broke up a few weeks after its release, with their label dropping them due to failed expectations. They remained disbanded until a 1986 reunion..
4/4	==SS== A trip from one destination to another and then returning to the starting location.''Margaret purchased a single '''round trip''' ticket to and from Chicago, as it was cheaper than buying two one-way tickets.'' 
===81	running time	3
1/3	==DB== Time complexity.In computer science, the time complexity of an algorithm quantifies the amount of time taken by an algorithm to run as a function of the length of the string representing the input. The time complexity of an algorithm is commonly expressed using big O notation, which excludes coefficients and lower order terms. When expressed this way, the time complexity is said to be described asymptotically, i.e., as the input size goes to infinity. For example, if the time required by an algorithm on all inputs of size n is at most 5n3 + 3n for any n (bigger than some n0), the asymptotic time complexity is O(n3). Time complexity is commonly estimated by counting the number of elementary operations performed by the algorithm, where an elementary operation takes a fixed amount of time to perform. Thus the amount of time taken and the number of elementary operations performed by the algorithm differ by at most a constant factor. Since an algorithm's performance time may vary with different inputs of the same size, one commonly uses the worst-case time complexity of an algorithm, denoted as T(n), which is defined as the maximum amount of time taken on any input of size n. Less common, and usually specified explicitly, is the measure of average-case complexity. Time complexities are classified by the nature of the function T(n). For instance, an algorithm with T(n) = O(n) is called a linear time algorithm, and an algorithm with T(n) = O(Mn) and Mn= O(T(n)) for some M ≥ n > 1 is said to be an exponential time algorithm..comment In computer science, the time complexity of an algorithm quantifies the amount of time taken by an algorithm to run as a function of the length of the string representing the input. The time complexity of an algorithm is commonly expressed using big O notation, which excludes coefficients and lower order terms. When expressed this way, the time complexity is said to be described asymptotically, i.e., as the input size goes to infinity. For example, if the time required by an algorithm on all inputs of size n is at most 5n3 + 3n for any n (bigger than some n0), the asymptotic time complexity is O(n3)..
2/3	==SS== The duration of a film or other recorded work.
3/3	==DB== Running Time.producer Josh Becker.producer Jane Goe.screenplay Josh Becker.screenplay Peter Choi.runtime 4200.0.starring Jeremy Roberts.Running Time (film).Running Time is a 1997 independent crime thriller film written, produced & directed by Josh Becker. Principal cast members are Bruce Campbell, Jeremy Roberts and Anita Barone. The movie was filmed in real time similar to Robert Wise's noir boxing film The Set-Up (1949). It also tracks as a continuous take with no cuts, rather like Alfred Hitchcock's Rope (1948). For aesthetic and practical reasons, Becker opted for black & white, offering a neo-Noir feel and giving him fewer problems in scene transitions..comment Running Time is a 1997 independent crime thriller film written, produced & directed by Josh Becker. Principal cast members are Bruce Campbell, Jeremy Roberts and Anita Barone. The movie was filmed in real time similar to Robert Wise's noir boxing film The Set-Up (1949). It also tracks as a continuous take with no cuts, rather like Alfred Hitchcock's Rope (1948). For aesthetic and practical reasons, Becker opted for black & white, offering a neo-Noir feel and giving him fewer problems in scene transitions..
===82	rush hour	16
1/16	==DB== Rush Hour.writer Arthur Boys.runtime 360.0.Rush Hour (1941 film).Rush Hour is a 1941 British Public Information short film made by the wartime Ministry of Information, and designed to pass on an important message to cinemagoers in a humorous manner. The film was directed by Anthony Asquith and produced by Edward Black. Rush Hour was filmed as a series of short comedy sequences, illustrating the various degrees of chaos and confusion arising from public transport being overwhelmed with passengers at peak times. Its twin targets were employers, to whom the desirability of staggered working hours was stressed, and casual leisure travellers, who were exhorted: "Shopping? Visiting? Then get home early at your ease – leave rush-hour seats for workers, please!".comment Rush Hour is a 1941 British Public Information short film made by the wartime Ministry of Information, and designed to pass on an important message to cinemagoers in a humorous manner. The film was directed by Anthony Asquith and produced by Edward Black..
2/16	==SS== The times of the day when traffic jams are commonplace, due mainly to people commuting to or from work.''It takes 30 minutes to drive there, but maybe 2 hours during the '''rush hour'''.'' 
3/16	==DB== Def Jam's Rush Hour Soundtrack.length 4427.0.released 1998-09-15.nextAlbum Rush Hour 2.Rush Hour (soundtrack).Def Jam's Rush Hour Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 1998 comedy film Rush Hour. It was released on September 15, 1998 through Def Jam and consisted of hip hop and R&B music. The soundtrack was a huge success, peaking at 5 on the Billboard 200 and 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and spawned the #1 single "How Deep Is Your Love". The soundtrack was certified gold on October 15, 1998 and platinum on January 21, 1999. The tracks "Fantasy" by Mariah Carey and "Another Part of Me" by Michael Jackson are not on the soundtrack, despite being heard in the film..comment Def Jam's Rush Hour Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 1998 comedy film Rush Hour. It was released on September 15, 1998 through Def Jam and consisted of hip hop and R&B music. The soundtrack was a huge success, peaking at 5 on the Billboard 200 and 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and spawned the #1 single "How Deep Is Your Love". The soundtrack was certified gold on October 15, 1998 and platinum on January 21, 1999. The tracks "Fantasy" by Mariah Carey and "Another Part of Me" by Michael Jackson are not on the soundtrack, despite being heard in the film..
4/16	==DB== Rush Hour.producer Christopher Lawrence.writer Christopher Lawrence.length 350.0.length 446.0.format 12".bSide "Ride the Light".Rush Hour (instrumental)."Rush Hour" is an instrumental composition by American DJ Christopher Lawrence. It was released as a 12-inch single in 2000, featuring the song "Ride the Light" as a B-side. A shorter version of "Rush Hour" later appeared on Lawrence's debut studio album, All or Nothing, which was released in 2004. The track peaked at number 118 on the UK Singles Chart. It was also featured on the soundtrack for the video game Need for Speed: Underground 2..comment "Rush Hour" is an instrumental composition by American DJ Christopher Lawrence. It was released as a 12-inch single in 2000, featuring the song "Ride the Light" as a B-side. A shorter version of "Rush Hour" later appeared on Lawrence's debut studio album, All or Nothing, which was released in 2004. The track peaked at number 118 on the UK Singles Chart. It was also featured on the soundtrack for the video game Need for Speed: Underground 2..
5/16	==DB== producer *.producer * Arthur M. Sarkissian * Andrew Z. Davis.runtime 5460.0.starring *.budget 1.4E8.editing *.gross 2.58E8.Rush Hour 3.Rush Hour 3 is a 2007 Chinese-American martial arts/buddy action comedy film and the third film in the Rush Hour series, starring Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan. The film was officially announced on May 7, 2006, and filming began on July 4, 2006. The film is set in Paris and Los Angeles. Rush Hour 3 was released on August 10, 2007, in the United States..comment Rush Hour 3 is a 2007 Chinese-American martial arts/buddy action comedy film and the third film in the Rush Hour series, starring Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan. The film was officially announced on May 7, 2006, and filming began on July 4, 2006. The film is set in Paris and Los Angeles. Rush Hour 3 was released on August 10, 2007, in the United States..
6/16	==DB== runtime 1800.0.showName Rush Hour.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 6.firstAired 2007-03-19.lastAired 2007-04-21.Rush Hour (UK TV series).Rush Hour is a sketch show made by Zeppotron and shown on BBC Three during March and April 2007. The show featured several sketches centred on characters travelling to work, school or otherwise, therefore many of the sketches took place inside a car or bus. Several cult and up and coming comedians and comic actors star in the show, each performing several of the characters. The cast includes Adam Buxton, Sanjeev Kohli, Miranda Hart, Frankie Boyle, David Armand, Marek Larwood, Kerry Godliman, Bruce Mackinnon, Naomi Bentley, Lorna Watson, and Katy Wix. BBC Three didn't recommission the show for a second series due to bad reviews..comment Rush Hour is a sketch show made by Zeppotron and shown on BBC Three during March and April 2007. The show featured several sketches centred on characters travelling to work, school or otherwise, therefore many of the sketches took place inside a car or bus. Several cult and up and coming comedians and comic actors star in the show, each performing several of the characters. The cast includes Adam Buxton, Sanjeev Kohli, Miranda Hart, Frankie Boyle, David Armand, Marek Larwood, Kerry Godliman, Bruce Mackinnon, Naomi Bentley, Lorna Watson, and Katy Wix..
7/16	==DB== Rush Hour (board game).Rush Hour is a sliding block puzzle invented by Nob Yoshigahara in the 1970s. It was first sold in the United States in 1996. It is now being manufactured by ThinkFun (formerly Binary Arts). ThinkFun now sells Rush Hour spin-offs Rush Hour Jr., Safari Rush Hour, Railroad Rush Hour, and Rush Hour Brain Fitness, with puzzles by Scott Kim. An iOS version of the game has been released in 2010 with both free and paid versions (the latter with more puzzles and features)..comment Rush Hour is a sliding block puzzle invented by Nob Yoshigahara in the 1970s. It was first sold in the United States in 1996. It is now being manufactured by ThinkFun (formerly Binary Arts). ThinkFun now sells Rush Hour spin-offs Rush Hour Jr., Safari Rush Hour, Railroad Rush Hour, and Rush Hour Brain Fitness, with puzzles by Scott Kim. An iOS version of the game has been released in 2010 with both free and paid versions (the latter with more puzzles and features)..
8/16	==DB== Rush Hour.writer Jane Wiedlin, Peter Rafelson.length 243.0.format 12.0.bSide "End of Love".lastSingle "Blue Kiss".nextSingle "Inside a Dream".Rush Hour (song)."Rush Hour" is a pop song by Go Go's guitarist Jane Wiedlin, taken from her second album Fur. It was backed by a fellow album track, the percussive, melancholy "End of Love". The 12-inch single featured an extended remix by Rusty Garner and an instrumental version. "Rush Hour" was Wiedlin's most successful single, reaching No. 9 in the US Billboard Hot 100 and No. 12 in the UK Singles Chart. The song is upbeat and features a mainly programmed backing, with an electric guitar solo. Its central hook is "Ooh you send me". The music video which accompanied the single eschewed the traffic metaphor of the song for a lighter concept; a simple "performance" clip interspersed with footage of Wiedlin swimming with dolphins. The song was featured in the 1988 comedy film License to Drive..comment "Rush Hour" is a pop song by Go Go's guitarist Jane Wiedlin, taken from her second album Fur. It was backed by a fellow album track, the percussive, melancholy "End of Love". The 12-inch single featured an extended remix by Rusty Garner and an instrumental version. "Rush Hour" was Wiedlin's most successful single, reaching No. 9 in the US Billboard Hot 100 and No. 12 in the UK Singles Chart. The song is upbeat and features a mainly programmed backing, with an electric guitar solo. Its central hook is "Ooh you send me"..
9/16	==DB== producer *.producer * Steven Fielder * Andrew Cholerton *.producer * Brian Chamberlayne.runtime 3600.0.developer *.showName Rush Hour.starring *.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 13.executiveProducer *.executiveProducer * Arthur Sarkissian *.executiveProducer * Jeff Ingold * Blake McCormick * Bill Lawrence *.cinematography Christian Sebaldt.cinematography Marshall Adams.company *.company * Doozer *.firstAired 2016-03-31.lastAired 2016-08-20.Rush Hour (U.S. TV series).Rush Hour is an American police procedural comedy television series developed by Blake McCormick and Bill Lawrence that is based on the popular film franchise of the same name created by Ross LaManna. Similar to the films, the series follows Detective Carter, a radical LAPD detective, and Detective Lee, a by-the-book detective from Hong Kong, as they are forced into forming an unlikely partnership. CBS placed a series order on May 8, 2015. The show premiered on March 31, 2016.On May 16, 2016, CBS canceled the show after one season. On May 26, 2016, CBS removed the show from its schedule. However, they later announced the show will return on July 23 to burn off the remaining episodes. The series finale aired on August 20, 2016..comment Rush Hour is an American police procedural comedy television series developed by Blake McCormick and Bill Lawrence that is based on the popular film franchise of the same name created by Ross LaManna. Similar to the films, the series follows Detective Carter, a radical LAPD detective, and Detective Lee, a by-the-book detective from Hong Kong, as they are forced into forming an unlikely partnership. CBS placed a series order on May 8, 2015. The show premiered on March 31, 2016.On May 16, 2016, CBS canceled the show after one season. On May 26, 2016, CBS removed the show from its schedule. However, they later announced the show will return on July 23 to burn off the remaining episodes. The series finale aired on August 20, 2016..
10/16	==DB== Rush Hour.released 2004-07-05.Rush Hour (dance album).Rush Hour is an album of club dance music for the purpose of playing while driving. It was released in the summer of 2004. It is a double CD claiming "exhilarating club anthems for the drive of your life". There are 42 tracks, by artists including Basement Jaxx, X-Press 2, William Orbit and Fatboy Slim. The same company has released Rush Hour 2 and Rush Hour 3 with similar styles of music on each..comment Rush Hour is an album of club dance music for the purpose of playing while driving. It was released in the summer of 2004. It is a double CD claiming "exhilarating club anthems for the drive of your life". There are 42 tracks, by artists including Basement Jaxx, X-Press 2, William Orbit and Fatboy Slim. The same company has released Rush Hour 2 and Rush Hour 3 with similar styles of music on each..
11/16	==DB== Rush Hour 2.producer *.producer * Arthur Sarkissian *.runtime 5400.0.country United States China.language *.language * English *.starring *.budget 9.0E7.editing Robert K. Lambert.gross 3.473E8.Rush Hour 2.Rush Hour 2 is a 2001 Chinese-American martial arts buddy action comedy film. It is the sequel to the 1998 film Rush Hour and the second installment in the Rush Hour film series. The film stars Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker who respectively reprise their roles as Inspector Lee and Detective Carter. The film finds Lee and Carter embroiled in a counterfeit scam involving the Triads. Rush Hour 2 was released August 3, 2001 to mixed reviews from critics, but it grossed $347,325,802 at the worldwide box office, becoming the eleventh highest-grossing film of 2001 worldwide. It is the highest-grossing martial arts film of all time. The film was followed up with another sequel, Rush Hour 3, in 2007..comment Rush Hour 2 is a 2001 Chinese-American martial arts buddy action comedy film. It is the sequel to the 1998 film Rush Hour and the second installment in the Rush Hour film series. The film stars Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker who respectively reprise their roles as Inspector Lee and Detective Carter. The film finds Lee and Carter embroiled in a counterfeit scam involving the Triads..
12/16	==DB== Rush Hour.producer Joe Lovano.length 3834.0.lastAlbum Quartets: Live at the Village Vanguard.nextAlbum Ten Tales.recorded --04-06.Rush Hour (Joe Lovano album).Rush Hour is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Joe Lovano featuring an orchestra arranged and conducted by Gunther Schuller recorded in 1994 and released on the Blue Note label..comment Rush Hour is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Joe Lovano featuring an orchestra arranged and conducted by Gunther Schuller recorded in 1994 and released on the Blue Note label..
13/16	==DB== Rush hour.A rush hour (American English, British English) or peak hour (British English) is a part of the day during which traffic congestion on roads and crowding on public transport is at its highest. Normally, this happens twice every weekday—once in the morning and once in the afternoon-evening, the times during when the most people commute. The term is often used for a period of peak congestion that may last for more than one hour. The term is very broad, but often refers specifically to private automobile transportation traffic, even when there is a large volume of cars on a road but not a large number of people, or if the volume is normal but there is some disruption of speed. By analogy to vehicular traffic, the term Internet rush hour has been used to describe periods of peak data network usage, resulting in delays and slower delivery of data packets..comment A rush hour (American English, British English) or peak hour (British English) is a part of the day during which traffic congestion on roads and crowding on public transport is at its highest. Normally, this happens twice every weekday—once in the morning and once in the afternoon-evening, the times during when the most people commute. The term is often used for a period of peak congestion that may last for more than one hour..
14/16	==DB== Rush Hour.producer *.producer * Arthur M. Sarkissian.screenplay *.runtime 5880.0.starring *.budget 3.3E7.gross 2.444E8.Rush Hour (1998 film).Rush Hour is a 1998 Chinese-American buddy action comedy film directed by Brett Ratner. It stars Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker as mismatched cops who must rescue the Chinese Consul's kidnapped daughter. Released on September 18, 1998, the film grossed over $200 million worldwide. The film's success spawned two sequels, Rush Hour 2 (2001) and Rush Hour 3 (2007)..comment Rush Hour is a 1998 Chinese-American buddy action comedy film directed by Brett Ratner. It stars Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker as mismatched cops who must rescue the Chinese Consul's kidnapped daughter. Released on September 18, 1998, the film grossed over $200 million worldwide. The film's success spawned two sequels, Rush Hour 2 (2001) and Rush Hour 3 (2007)..
15/16	==DB== title SimCity 4: Rush Hour.series SimCity.released --09-04.released --09-22.SimCity 4: Rush Hour.SimCity 4: Rush Hour is the expansion pack for SimCity 4 created by EA Games and Maxis, where the player builds a city from scratch..comment SimCity 4: Rush Hour is the expansion pack for SimCity 4 created by EA Games and Maxis, where the player builds a city from scratch..
16/16	==DB== Rush Hour.producer Michael Poryes.producer Arthur M. Sarkissian.producer Jonathan Glickman.producer Jay Stern.producer Robert Birnbaum.screenplay Jim Kouf and.screenplay Story by Ross LaManna.screenplay Screenplay by Jeff Nathanson.runtime 16740.0.budget 2.63E8.music Ira Hearshen.editing Robert K. Lambert.editing Billy Weber.editing Don Zimmerman.editing Mark Possy.gross 8.49E8.Rush Hour (film series).The Rush Hour franchise is a series of three Chinese-American martial arts/action-comedy buddy cop films created by Ross LaManna, directed by Brett Ratner, and distributed by New Line Cinema. All three films centers on a pair of police detectives: a Hong Kong Police Force inspector and an American LAPD detective (portrayed by Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker) who go on a series of misadventures often involving corrupt crime figures. The films were released theatrically between 1998 and 2007, and have achieved commercial success and incorporate elements of martial arts, humor, and the buddy cop subgenre..comment The Rush Hour franchise is a series of three Chinese-American martial arts/action-comedy buddy cop films created by Ross LaManna, directed by Brett Ratner, and distributed by New Line Cinema. All three films centers on a pair of police detectives: a Hong Kong Police Force inspector and an American LAPD detective (portrayed by Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker) who go on a series of misadventures often involving corrupt crime figures. The films were released theatrically between 1998 and 2007, and have achieved commercial success and incorporate elements of martial arts, humor, and the buddy cop subgenre..
===83	service area	3
1/3	==DB== Service area (computing).
2/3	==SS== A place built alongside a limited-access road where one can stop to buy fuel, refreshments, and so on.''The sign says that the next '''service area''' is 12 miles on.'' 
3/3	==DB== Rest area.A rest area, travel plaza, rest stop, or service area is a public facility, located next to a large thoroughfare such as a highway, expressway, or freeway at which drivers and passengers can rest, eat, or refuel without exiting on to secondary roads. Other names include motorway service area, service station, rest and service area (RSA), resto, service plaza, and service centre. Facilities may include park-like areas, fuel stations, restrooms, and restaurants. A rest area or rest stop with limited or no public facility is a parking area or scenic area. Along some highways and roads are rest stops known as a wayside parks, roadside parks, or picnic areas. Rest areas are common in the United States, Canada, Australia, and parts of Europe, Africa, and Asia. The most basic rest areas have no facilities: they consist solely of an exit from the highway that leads to a roadway with paved shoulders, where drivers can rest, look at their maps, or use cell phones..comment A rest area, travel plaza, rest stop, or service area is a public facility, located next to a large thoroughfare such as a highway, expressway, or freeway at which drivers and passengers can rest, eat, or refuel without exiting on to secondary roads. Other names include motorway service area, service station, rest and service area (RSA), resto, service plaza, and service centre. Facilities may include park-like areas, fuel stations, restrooms, and restaurants. A rest area or rest stop with limited or no public facility is a parking area or scenic area. Along some highways and roads are rest stops known as a wayside parks, roadside parks, or picnic areas. Rest areas are common in the United States, Canada, Australia, and parts of Europe, Africa, and Asia. The most basic rest areas have no f.
===84	shelf life	6
1/6	==DB== Shelf Life (The Fairly OddParents).
2/6	==DB== Shelf life.Shelf life is the length of time that a commodity may be stored without becoming unfit for use, consumption, or sale. In other words, it might refer to whether a commodity should no longer be on a pantry shelf (unfit for use), or just no longer on a supermarket shelf (unfit for sale, but not yet unfit for use). It applies to cosmetics, foods and beverages, medical devices, medicines, explosives, pharmaceutical drugs, chemicals, tires, batteries, and many other perishable items. In some regions, an advisory best before, mandatory use by, or freshness date is required on packaged perishable foods..comment Shelf life is the length of time that a commodity may be stored without becoming unfit for use, consumption, or sale. In other words, it might refer to whether a commodity should no longer be on a pantry shelf (unfit for use), or just no longer on a supermarket shelf (unfit for sale, but not yet unfit for use). It applies to cosmetics, foods and beverages, medical devices, medicines, explosives, pharmaceutical drugs, chemicals, tires, batteries, and many other perishable items. In some regions, an advisory best before, mandatory use by, or freshness date is required on packaged perishable foods..
3/6	==DB== Shelf Life.pages 192.isbn 802789595.pubDate 2004-06-01.Shelf Life (novel).Shelf Life is a 2004 young adult novel by Robert Corbet. The book was first published in Australia on June 1, 2004 through Allen & Unwin and focuses on the workers of an unnamed supermarket. Shelf Life was nominated as one of the CBCA's "Notable Books of 2005" in the "Older Readers" category..comment Shelf Life is a 2004 young adult novel by Robert Corbet. The book was first published in Australia on June 1, 2004 through Allen & Unwin and focuses on the workers of an unnamed supermarket. Shelf Life was nominated as one of the CBCA's "Notable Books of 2005" in the "Older Readers" category..
4/6	==DB== Shelf Life.runtime 4860.0.starring O-Lan Jones.starring Jim Turner.starring Andrea Stein.Shelf Life (film).Shelf Life is a 1993 film directed by Paul Bartel, which was the final film he directed before he died in 2000, and the film stars O-Lan Jones, Andrea Stein and Jim Turner..comment Shelf Life is a 1993 film directed by Paul Bartel, which was the final film he directed before he died in 2000, and the film stars O-Lan Jones, Andrea Stein and Jim Turner..
5/6	==DB== Shelf Life (2004 film).
6/6	==SS== The length of time a product (especially food and drugs) will last without deteriorating or without being sold.
===85	shift work	3
1/3	==DB== Shift work.Shift work is an employment practice designed to make use of, or provide service across, all 24 hours of the clock each day of the week (often abbreviated as 24/7). The practice typically sees the day divided into shifts, set periods of time during which different groups of workers perform their duties. The term "shift work" includes both long-term night shifts and work schedules in which employees change or rotate shifts. In medicine and epidemiology, shift work is considered a risk factor for some health problems in some individuals, as disruption to circadian rhythms may increase the probability of developing cardiovascular disease, cognitive impairment, diabetes, and obesity, among other conditions. Shift work can also contribute to strain in marital, family, and personal relationships..comment Shift work is an employment practice designed to make use of, or provide service across, all 24 hours of the clock each day of the week (often abbreviated as 24/7). The practice typically sees the day divided into shifts, set periods of time during which different groups of workers perform their duties. The term "shift work" includes both long-term night shifts and work schedules in which employees change or rotate shifts. Shift work can also contribute to strain in marital, family, and personal relationships..
2/3	==DB== Shift Work.yearsActive –present.background group_or_band.origin London, England.Shift Work.Shift Work are a London-based live electronics band comprising Mark Harris and Johnny Rivo. Harris was previously a member of Factory Floor. Shift Work are currently signed to Houndstooth..comment Shift Work are a London-based live electronics band comprising Mark Harris and Johnny Rivo. Harris was previously a member of Factory Floor. Shift Work are currently signed to Houndstooth..
3/3	==SS== 
===86	side effect	3
1/3	==SS== An unintended consequence of any action in addition to the intended consequence of that action.
2/3	==DB== Side Effect.yearsActive 1972.background group_or_band.pastMembers Jim Gilstrap.pastMembers Augie Johnson.pastMembers Sylvia Nabors.pastMembers Lomita Johnson.pastMembers Gregory Matta.pastMembers Louis Patton.Side Effect.Side Effect was an American disco and jazz-funk band, that recorded between 1972 and 1982. The group was formed in Los Angeles, California in 1972 by Augie Johnson who became their leader..comment Side Effect was an American disco and jazz-funk band, that recorded between 1972 and 1982. The group was formed in Los Angeles, California in 1972 by Augie Johnson who became their leader..
3/3	==DB== Side effect.In medicine, a side effect is an effect, whether therapeutic or adverse, that is secondary to the one intended; although the term is predominantly employed to describe adverse effects, it can also apply to beneficial, but unintended, consequences of the use of a drug. Occasionally, drugs are prescribed or procedures performed specifically for their side effects; in that case, said side effect ceases to be a side effect, and is now an intended effect. For instance, X-rays were historically (and are currently) used as an imaging technique; the discovery of their oncolytic capability led to their employ in radiotherapy (ablation of malignant tumours)..comment In medicine, a side effect is an effect, whether therapeutic or adverse, that is secondary to the one intended; although the term is predominantly employed to describe adverse effects, it can also apply to beneficial, but unintended, consequences of the use of a drug..
===87	side kick	15
1/15	==DB== Sidekick.A sidekick is a slang expression for a close companion or colleague (not necessarily in fiction) who is actually, or generally regarded as, subordinate to the one he accompanies. Some well-known fictional sidekicks are Don Quixote's Sancho Panza, Sherlock Holmes' Doctor Watson, The Lone Ranger's Tonto, The Green Hornet's Kato, Shrek's Donkey and Batman's Robin..comment A sidekick is a slang expression for a close companion or colleague (not necessarily in fiction) who is actually, or generally regarded as, subordinate to the one he accompanies. Some well-known fictional sidekicks are Don Quixote's Sancho Panza, Sherlock Holmes' Doctor Watson, The Lone Ranger's Tonto, The Green Hornet's Kato, Shrek's Donkey and Batman's Robin..
2/15	==DB== Suzuki Sidekick.
3/15	==DB== runtime 1800.0.showName Sidekicks.numEpisodes 23.firstAired 1986-09-26.lastAired 1987-06-13.Sidekicks (TV series).Sidekicks is a 1986-1987 martial arts TV series, a spin-off of the original Walt Disney one-time special, The Last Electric Knight. The series starred Ernie Reyes, Jr. as Ernie Lee, the Last Electric Knight, and Gil Gerard as Sergeant Jake Rizzo. Sidekicks aired on ABC Friday nights at 9pm and then Saturdays at 8pm..comment Sidekicks is a 1986-1987 martial arts TV series, a spin-off of the original Walt Disney one-time special, The Last Electric Knight. The series starred Ernie Reyes, Jr. as Ernie Lee, the Last Electric Knight, and Gil Gerard as Sergeant Jake Rizzo. Sidekicks aired on ABC Friday nights at 9pm and then Saturdays at 8pm..
4/15	==DB== Sidekicks.runtime 6060.0.starring *.Sidekicks (1992 film).Sidekicks is a 1992 action film starring Jonathan Brandis and Chuck Norris..comment Sidekicks is a 1992 action film starring Jonathan Brandis and Chuck Norris..
5/15	==DB== Kick.A kick is a physical strike using the leg: foot, heel, tibia, thigh or knee (the latter is also known as a knee strike). This type of attack is used frequently by hooved animals as well as humans in the context of stand-up fighting. Kicks play a significant role in many forms of martial arts, such as savate, taekwondo, sikaran, karate, Pankration, Kung fu, Vovinam, kickboxing, Muay Thai, capoeira, silat, and kalaripayattu. Kicking is also prominent from its use in many sports, especially those called football. The best known of these sports is association football, also known as soccer..comment A kick is a physical strike using the leg: foot, heel, tibia, thigh or knee (the latter is also known as a knee strike). This type of attack is used frequently by hooved animals as well as humans in the context of stand-up fighting. Kicks play a significant role in many forms of martial arts, such as savate, taekwondo, sikaran, karate, Pankration, Kung fu, Vovinam, kickboxing, Muay Thai, capoeira, silat, and kalaripayattu. Kicking is also prominent from its use in many sports, especially those called football. The best known of these sports is association football, also known as soccer..
6/15	==DB== runtime 4500.0.showName Sidekicks.precededBy Skin Game.Sidekicks (1974 film).Sidekicks is a 1974 TV-movie directed by Burt Kennedy and starring Larry Hagman and Louis Gossett, Jr.. The film was a pilot for a proposed television show as a continuation of the 1971 theatrical release Skin Game, with James Garner and Gossett..comment Sidekicks is a 1974 TV-movie directed by Burt Kennedy and starring Larry Hagman and Louis Gossett, Jr.. The film was a pilot for a proposed television show as a continuation of the 1971 theatrical release Skin Game, with James Garner and Gossett..
7/15	==DB== director Polly Draper.writer Polly Draper.title Sidekicks.season 2.airdate 2008-01-21.episode 1.Sidekicks (2008 film).Sidekicks is a documentary/rockumentary/mockumentary musical comedy and is the third movie of The Naked Brothers Band on Nickelodeon that premiered on January 21, 2008..comment Sidekicks is a documentary/rockumentary/mockumentary musical comedy and is the third movie of The Naked Brothers Band on Nickelodeon that premiered on January 21, 2008..
8/15	==DB== Sidekicks.released 1993-01-25.artist Tom Fogerty and Randy Oda.lastAlbum Precious Gems.recorded 1988.Sidekicks (album).Sidekicks is an album by Tom Fogerty, recorded with Randy Oda in 1988 (his partner in the rock band Ruby) and released posthumously in 1992 on Fantasy Records..comment Sidekicks is an album by Tom Fogerty, recorded with Randy Oda in 1988 (his partner in the rock band Ruby) and released posthumously in 1992 on Fantasy Records..
9/15	==DB== T-Mobile Sidekick.
10/15	==DB== Sidekick.distributor Maple Pictures.runtime 5220.0.starring David Ingram.released 2005-09-26.Sidekick (film).Sidekick is a 2005 Canadian independent film in the comic-book/fantasy genre. Tech support nerd and comic-book fan Norman Neale discovers that suave co-worker Victor Ventura has telekinetic powers. Neale trains Ventura with the intention of creating a super-hero, but Ventura has other uses for his powers in mind..comment Sidekick is a 2005 Canadian independent film in the comic-book/fantasy genre. Tech support nerd and comic-book fan Norman Neale discovers that suave co-worker Victor Ventura has telekinetic powers. Neale trains Ventura with the intention of creating a super-hero, but Ventura has other uses for his powers in mind..
11/15	==DB== Dallas Sidekicks (2012).
12/15	==DB== fullname Dallas Sidekicks.founded 1984-01-09.clubname Dallas Sidekicks.capacity 16626.owntitle Owner.dissolved 2004-09-13.Dallas Sidekicks (1984–2004).The Dallas Sidekicks were one of the longest operating professional soccer teams, either indoor or outdoor, in the United States, based in Dallas, Texas, and operating from 1984 until suspending operations following the 2004 season. The team was founded as a member of the original Major Indoor Soccer League. Over the years, the team played in four other leagues (CISL, WISL, PSA, and the second incarnation of the MISL. The team's most famous player was Tatu, who was known for throwing his shirt into the stands after every goal. The team hosted the 1989 MISL All-Star Game. The team was one of the most successful franchises in indoor soccer history, making the playoffs in 16 of their 19 seasons of play. In the playoffs, the team made it to the championship game/series eight times, winning four titles. An expansion team named after this team began play in the Professional Arena Soccer League on November 3, 2012. Home games for the new Dallas Sidekicks are played at the Allen Event Center in Allen, Texas..comment The Dallas Sidekicks were one of the longest operating professional soccer teams, either indoor or outdoor, in the United States, based in Dallas, Texas, and operating from 1984 until suspending operations following the 2004 season. The team was founded as a member of the original Major Indoor Soccer League. Over the years, the team played in four other leagues (CISL, WISL, PSA, and the second incarnation of the MISL. The team's most famous player was Tatu, who was known for throwing his shirt into the stands after every goal. The team hosted the 1989 MISL All-Star Game. The team was one of the most successful franchises in indoor soccer history, making the playoffs in 16 of their 19 seasons of play. In the playoffs, the team made it to the championship game/series eight times, winning fou.
13/15	==DB== title Super Sidekicks.Super Sidekicks.Super Sidekicks, is a series of soccer video games made by SNK for its console, the Neo-Geo..comment Super Sidekicks, is a series of soccer video games made by SNK for its console, the Neo-Geo..
14/15	==DB== Borland Sidekick.Borland Sidekick was a personal information manager (PIM) that Borland launched in 1984 under Philippe Kahn's leadership. It was an early and popular terminate and stay resident program (TSR) for DOS operating systems, which enabled computer users to activate the program using a hot key combination (by default:Ctrl-Alt) while working in other programs. Although a text mode program, Sidekick's window-based interface echoed that of the Apple Macintosh and anticipated the eventual look of Microsoft Windows 2.0. It included a personal calendar, text editor (with WordStar-like command interface), calculator, ASCII chart, address book, and phone dialer. According to the prospectus for Borland's initial public offering of stock to the public, Sidekick sold more than 1 million copies in its first three years..comment Borland Sidekick was a personal information manager (PIM) that Borland launched in 1984 under Philippe Kahn's leadership. It was an early and popular terminate and stay resident program (TSR) for DOS operating systems, which enabled computer users to activate the program using a hot key combination (by default:Ctrl-Alt) while working in other programs. Although a text mode program, Sidekick's window-based interface echoed that of the Apple Macintosh and anticipated the eventual look of Microsoft Windows 2.0. It included a personal calendar, text editor (with WordStar-like command interface), calculator, ASCII chart, address book, and phone dialer. According to the prospectus for Borland's initial public offering of stock to the public, Sidekick sold more than 1 million copies in its first .
15/15	==DB== runtime 1320.0.composer Anthony Vanderburgh.showName Sidekick.numSeasons 3.numEpisodes 52.pictureFormat 1080.firstAired 2010-09-03.lastAired 2013-09-14.Sidekick (TV series).Sidekick is a Canadian animated television comedy series created by Todd Kauffman (former co-director of Total Drama, and later co-creator of Grojband and Looped) and Joey So. The series first aired in Canada on September 3, 2010 on YTV. In the United States, the series premiered on Cartoon Network alongside Almost Naked Animals on June 13, 2011 and also premiered in the UK and Ireland on CBBC on September 2014. The series is based on the original shorts originally titled The Not-So-Superheroic Adventures of Sidekick aired as part of the 2005 TV series, Funpak. The series ended on September 14, 2013..comment Sidekick is a Canadian animated television comedy series created by Todd Kauffman (former co-director of Total Drama, and later co-creator of Grojband and Looped) and Joey So. The series first aired in Canada on September 3, 2010 on YTV. In the United States, the series premiered on Cartoon Network alongside Almost Naked Animals on June 13, 2011 and also premiered in the UK and Ireland on CBBC on September 2014. The series is based on the original shorts originally titled The Not-So-Superheroic Adventures of Sidekick aired as part of the 2005 TV series, Funpak. The series ended on September 14, 2013..
===88	skin care	2
1/2	==DB== Skin care.Skin care is the range of practices that support skin integrity including nutrition, avoidance of excessive sun exposure, and appropriate use of emollients; that enhance appearance such as use of cosmetics, botulinum, exfoliation, fillers, laser resurfacing, microdermabrasion, peels, retinol therapy; and that remediate skin break down and relieve skin conditions. Skin care is a routine daily procedure in many settings, such as skin that is either too dry or too moist, and prevention of dermatitis and prevention of skin injuries. Skin care is a component in wound healing, neonates, elderly, stomas, radiation treatment and with some medications..comment Skin care is the range of practices that support skin integrity including nutrition, avoidance of excessive sun exposure, and appropriate use of emollients; that enhance appearance such as use of cosmetics, botulinum, exfoliation, fillers, laser resurfacing, microdermabrasion, peels, retinol therapy; and that remediate skin break down and relieve skin conditions. Skin care is a routine daily procedure in many settings, such as skin that is either too dry or too moist, and prevention of dermatitis and prevention of skin injuries. Skin care is a component in wound healing, neonates, elderly, stomas, radiation treatment and with some medications..
2/2	==DB== Cosmetics.Cosmetics, also known as make-up, are substances or products used to enhance the appearance or fragrance of the body. Many cosmetics are designed for use of applying to the face and hair. In the 21st century, women generally use more cosmetics than men. They are generally mixtures of chemical compounds; some being derived from natural sources (such as coconut oil), and some being synthetics. Common cosmetics include lipstick, mascara, eye shadow, foundation, rouge, skin cleansers and skin lotions, shampoo, hairstyling products (gel, hair spray, etc.), perfume, and cologne. In the U.S., the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which regulates cosmetics, defines cosmetics as "intended to be applied to the human body for cleansing, beautifying, promoting attractiveness, or altering the appearance without affecting the body's structure or functions". This broad definition includes any material intended for use as a component of a cosmetic product. The FDA specifically excludes soap from this category..comment Cosmetics, also known as make-up, are substances or products used to enhance the appearance or fragrance of the body. Many cosmetics are designed for use of applying to the face and hair. In the 21st century, women generally use more cosmetics than men. They are generally mixtures of chemical compounds; some being derived from natural sources (such as coconut oil), and some being synthetics. Common cosmetics include lipstick, mascara, eye shadow, foundation, rouge, skin cleansers and skin lotions, shampoo, hairstyling products (gel, hair spray, etc.), perfume, and cologne..
===89	speed bump	3
1/3	==DB== Speed Bump.Speed Bump is a single-panel cartoon series by Dave Coverly, syndicated since 1994 by Creators Syndicate. Describing his cartoons, Coverly commented, "Basically," he says, "if life were a movie, these would be the outtakes." Speed Bump is published in more than 400 newspapers and websites, including The Washington Post, Toronto Globe and Mail, Detroit Free Press, Chicago Tribune, Indianapolis Star, Cleveland Plain Dealer, Cincinnati Enquirer, New Orleans Times-Picayune, St. Louis Post-Dispatch, The Vancouver Sun, The Baltimore Sun and The Arizona Republic..comment Speed Bump is a single-panel cartoon series by Dave Coverly, syndicated since 1994 by Creators Syndicate. Describing his cartoons, Coverly commented, "Basically," he says, "if life were a movie, these would be the outtakes." Speed Bump is published in more than 400 newspapers and websites, including The Washington Post, Toronto Globe and Mail, Detroit Free Press, Chicago Tribune, Indianapolis Star, Cleveland Plain Dealer, Cincinnati Enquirer, New Orleans Times-Picayune, St. Louis Post-Dispatch, The Vancouver Sun, The Baltimore Sun and The Arizona Republic..
2/3	==DB== Speed bump.Speed bumps (or speed breakers) are the common name for a family of traffic calming devices that use vertical deflection to slow motor-vehicle traffic in order to improve safety conditions. Variations include the speed hump (or speed ramp), speed cushion, and speed table. The use of vertical deflection devices is widespread around the world, and they are most commonly found where vehicle speeds are statutorily mandated to be low, usually 40 km/h (25 mph), or 8 to 16 km/h (5.0 to 9.9 mph) in car parks. Although speed bumps are effective in keeping vehicle speeds down, their use is sometimes controversial—as they can increase engine noise and may damage vehicles if traversed at too great a speed. Poorly designed speed bumps that stand too tall or with too-sharp an angle (often found in private car parks) can be overly disruptive for drivers, and may be difficult to navigate for vehicles with low ground clearance, even at very low speeds. Many sports cars have this problem with speed bumps. Speed bumps can also pose serious hazards to motorcyclists and bicyclists if they aren't clearly visible. Though, in some cases a small cut across the bump allows those vehicles to traverse without impediment. Speed bumps cost between $50–200 and may need replacement over time due to wear..comment Speed bumps (or speed breakers) are the common name for a family of traffic calming devices that use vertical deflection to slow motor-vehicle traffic in order to improve safety conditions. Variations include the speed hump (or speed ramp), speed cushion, and speed table. The use of vertical deflection devices is widespread around the world, and they are most commonly found where vehicle speeds are statutorily mandated to be low, usually 40 km/h (25 mph), or 8 to 16 km/h (5.0 to 9.9 mph) in car parks..
3/3	==SS== A traffic calming measure, consisting of a transverse ridge in the road, to limit the speed of vehicles.
===90	sports stadium	2
1/2	==DB== Stadium.A stadium (plural stadiums or stadia) is a place or venue for (mostly) outdoor sports, concerts, or other events and consists of a field or stage either partly or completely surrounded by a tiered structure designed to allow spectators to stand or sit and view the event. Pausanias noted that for about half a century the only event at the ancient Greek Olympic festival was the race that comprised one length of the stade at Olympia, where the word "stadium" originated..comment A stadium (plural stadiums or stadia) is a place or venue for (mostly) outdoor sports, concerts, or other events and consists of a field or stage either partly or completely surrounded by a tiered structure designed to allow spectators to stand or sit and view the event. Pausanias noted that for about half a century the only event at the ancient Greek Olympic festival was the race that comprised one length of the stade at Olympia, where the word "stadium" originated..
2/2	==DB== presenter Fred Cogley.presenter Noel Reid.country Ireland.showName Sports Stadium.firstAired 1973-09-22.lastAired 1997-12-20.opentheme The Final Countdown by Europe.Sports Stadium.Sports Stadium was an long-running Irish television sport programme produced by Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). Broadcast between 1973 and 1997, it was the broadcaster's flagship sports programme and one of its longest-running programmes. It ran in a variety of slots, but in its final years aired on RTÉ Two on Saturdays from 1-6pm. Its first presenter was Brendan O'Reilly, who stayed with the programme into the 1990s. Other presenters during its run included Liam Nolan, Fred Cogley, Michael Lyster, George Hamilton, Peter Collins and Tracy Piggott, who went onto front Sports Stadium's short-lived successor Saturday Sports Live. The format of the show was very similar to the BBC's Grandstand or ITV's World of Sport - Grandstand's racing coverage was often simulcast by Sports Stadium, presented by Noel Reid before Piggott's arrival in 1994. The earlier part of each show would feature a mixture of racing and recorded highlights of other sports. The centrepiece of the afternoon for many years was a live 3pm Football League Division One game, which would be followed by the classified football results read by Brendan Delany, who worked on the show throughout its entire run. Live cross-channel soccer was featured for a short time during the mid-1970s, but returned between 1985 and 1992. Following the creation of the Premier League in 1992, tape-delayed coverage of full matches continued for a further three years. The latter three years under a delayed-coverage agreement with the new FA Premier League. The FA Cup was also featured annually on RTE until 1998, when live rights to the final were picked up by Sky Sports. On 15 April 1989, the programme aired live coverage of the FA Cup semi-final tie between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest at Hillsborough and the unfolding disaster as the pens in the terraces became overcrowded and fans began to spill onto the pitch. 96 people died as a result of their injuries in the tragedy. Coverage of the AIL was also featured on the show, along with live coverage of the Five Nations Championship and the Lions rugby tours. Other key segments of the programme included Soccer Stadium (covering domestic League of Ireland football) and Gaelic Stadium - previews of the weekend's GAA games presented by Mick Dunne. There were regular rallying highlights from such events as the Circuit of Ireland Rally, Ulster Rally and Rally of the Lakes, along with live coverage of athletics events such as the IAAF World Cross Country Championships, plus highlights of domestic Grand Prix races and the Cork City Sports and Morton Games. Three theme tunes were used during the programme's run. A catchy brass-led theme played by the RTÉ Concert Orchestra ran from 1973–87, replaced for one year by a heavy rock intro. From 1988 onwards, the programme used the distinctive keyboard riff from the Europe song "The Final Countdown", which had been a Number 1 hit in 25 countries, including Ireland, in 1986. The original recording was used from 1988, but a re-arranged version was used from 1993. The last edition of Sports Stadium was broadcast on 20 December 1997..comment Sports Stadium was an long-running Irish television sport programme produced by Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). Broadcast between 1973 and 1997, it was the broadcaster's flagship sports programme and one of its longest-running programmes. It ran in a variety of slots, but in its final years aired on RTÉ Two on Saturdays from 1-6pm. Coverage of the AIL was also featured on the show, along with live coverage of the Five Nations Championship and the Lions rugby tours. The last edition of Sports Stadium was broadcast on 20 December 1997..
===91	stick figure	3
1/3	==DB== Stick Figure.yearsActive –present.background group_or_band.Stick Figure.Stick Figure is an American reggae and dub band based in Southern California. The group has released six full-length albums, all of which were written and produced by frontman Scott Woodruff, a singer-songwriter who until 2009 was based in Massachusetts. In 2012 Woodruff released the fifth Stick Figure album, Burial Ground, to critical acclaim. The album reached no. 1 on the iTunes and Billboard Reggae charts. The band began touring with a new line up after the release of Burial Ground, and has since toured throughout the United States with reggae groups such as Rebelution, Slightly Stoopid, The Green, Passafire, Tribal Seeds and The Expendables. Cocoa, an Australian Shepherd, typically joins the band on stage. The group's sixth album, Set in Stone, was released in November 2015 and reached No. 1 on the Billboard Reggae Albums Chart, also reaching No. 101 on the Billboard 200 and No. 1 on Heatseekers Albums chart..comment Stick Figure is an American reggae and dub band based in Southern California. The group has released six full-length albums, all of which were written and produced by frontman Scott Woodruff, a singer-songwriter who until 2009 was based in Massachusetts. In 2012 Woodruff released the fifth Stick Figure album, Burial Ground, to critical acclaim. The album reached no. 1 on the iTunes and Billboard Reggae charts. The band began touring with a new line up after the release of Burial Ground, and has since toured throughout the United States with reggae groups such as Rebelution, Slightly Stoopid, The Green, Passafire, Tribal Seeds and The Expendables. Cocoa, an Australian Shepherd, typically joins the band on stage. The group's sixth album, Set in Stone, was released in November 2015 and reache.
2/3	==DB== Stick figure.A stick figure is a very simple drawing of a person or animal, composed of a few lines, curves, and dots. In a stick figure, the head is represented by a circle, sometimes embellished with details such as eyes, mouth or crudely scratched-out hair. The arms, legs and torso are usually represented by straight lines. Details such as hands, feet and a neck may be present or absent, and the simpler stick figures display an ambiguous emotional expression. Graffiti of stick figures are found throughout history, often scratched with a sharp object on hard surfaces such as stone or concrete walls. Stick figures are often used in sketches for film storyboarding..comment A stick figure is a very simple drawing of a person or animal, composed of a few lines, curves, and dots. In a stick figure, the head is represented by a circle, sometimes embellished with details such as eyes, mouth or crudely scratched-out hair. The arms, legs and torso are usually represented by straight lines. Details such as hands, feet and a neck may be present or absent, and the simpler stick figures display an ambiguous emotional expression..
3/3	==SS== A simple line drawing, typically of a human body with a circle representing the head and straight lines representing the torso and limbs.
===92	story line	4
1/4	==DB== Storyline.producer *.producer * Hunter Hayes.released 2014-05-06.lastAlbum Hunter Hayes.nextAlbum I Want Crazy.Storyline (album).Storyline is the second major label studio album released by American country music artist Hunter Hayes, released on May 6, 2014 through Atlantic Records. As with his previous album, every song is co-written and co-produced by Hayes. However, instead of performing all the instrumentals himself as he did on Hunter Hayes, on this release Hayes opted to feature guest musicians, including his touring band and Paul Franklin, the steel guitar player behind Vince Gill's Bakersfield. The album was preceded on January 26 by lead single "Invisible", which peaked at #4 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs after being premiered at the 2014 Grammy Awards..comment Storyline is the second major label studio album released by American country music artist Hunter Hayes, released on May 6, 2014 through Atlantic Records. As with his previous album, every song is co-written and co-produced by Hayes. However, instead of performing all the instrumentals himself as he did on Hunter Hayes, on this release Hayes opted to feature guest musicians, including his touring band and Paul Franklin, the steel guitar player behind Vince Gill's Bakersfield..
2/4	==SS== 
3/4	==DB== Storyline.producer Raphe Malik.length 3582.0.lastAlbum ConSequences.recorded (Northern Track Recording Studio, Wilmington, Vermont).recorded 1999-09-10.Storyline (Raphe Malik album).Storyline is an album by American jazz trumpeter Raphe Malik featuring a trio with bassist Cecil McBee and drummer Codaryl "Cody" Moffett, which was recorded in 1999 and released on the Boxholder label..comment Storyline is an album by American jazz trumpeter Raphe Malik featuring a trio with bassist Cecil McBee and drummer Codaryl "Cody" Moffett, which was recorded in 1999 and released on the Boxholder label..
4/4	==DB== Storyline method.The Storyline method (Storyline) is a pedagogical strategy for "active learning," mainly used in primary schools in Scotland, the United States, Scandinavia and the Netherlands. The system can be adapted for use in adult education as well. It was pioneered by the staff of the Inservice Department of the Jordanhill College of Education in Glasgow, now University of Strathclyde..comment The Storyline method (Storyline) is a pedagogical strategy for "active learning," mainly used in primary schools in Scotland, the United States, Scandinavia and the Netherlands. The system can be adapted for use in adult education as well. It was pioneered by the staff of the Inservice Department of the Jordanhill College of Education in Glasgow, now University of Strathclyde..
===93	substance abuse	5
1/5	==DB== Substance abuse.icd F10.1-F19.1.icd 305.meshid D019966.Substance abuse.Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a drug in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods which are harmful to themselves or others, and is a form of substance-related disorder. Widely differing definitions of drug abuse are used in public health, medical and criminal justice contexts. In some cases criminal or anti-social behavior occurs when the person is under the influence of a drug, and long term personality changes in individuals may occur as well. In addition to possible physical, social, and psychological harm, use of some drugs may also lead to criminal penalties, although these vary widely depending on the local jurisdiction. Drugs most often associated with this term include: alcohol, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, cannabis, cocaine, methaqualone, opioids and substituted amphetamines. The exact cause of substance abuse is not clear, with theories including one of two: either a genetic disposition which is learned from others, or a habit which if addiction develops, it manifests itself as a chronic debilitating disease. In 2010 about 5% of people (230 million) used an illicit substance. Of these 27 million have high-risk drug use otherwise known as recurrent drug use causing harm to their health, psychological problems, or social problems or puts them at risk of those dangers. In 2013 drug use disorders resulted in 127,000 deaths up from 53,000 in 1990. The highest number of deaths are from opioid use disorders at 51,000. Cocaine use disorder resulted in 4,300 deaths and amphetamine use disorder resulted in 3,800 deaths. Alcohol use disorders resulted in an additional 139,000 deaths..comment Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a drug in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods which are harmful to themselves or others, and is a form of substance-related disorder. Widely differing definitions of drug abuse are used in public health, medical and criminal justice contexts. In some cases criminal or anti-social behavior occurs when the person is under the influence of a drug, and long term personality changes in individuals may occur as well. In addition to possible physical, social, and psychological harm, use of some drugs may also lead to criminal penalties, although these vary widely depending on the local jurisdiction..
2/5	==DB== Substance Abuse (Eureka Seven episode).
3/5	==DB== Substance Abuse.yearsActive 1998.background group_or_band.Substance Abuse (band).Substance Abuse is a Los Angeles based hip-hop group consisting of the duo Subz (Justin Hollingsworth) and Eso Tre (John Heath). Their debut album, Overproof, was released in 2006, and features cameos from Kool Keith, MF Doom, Motion Man, Saafir, and Rasco. The group is getting ready to release their sophomore effort, "Background Music"..comment Substance Abuse is a Los Angeles based hip-hop group consisting of the duo Subz (Justin Hollingsworth) and Eso Tre (John Heath). Their debut album, Overproof, was released in 2006, and features cameos from Kool Keith, MF Doom, Motion Man, Saafir, and Rasco. The group is getting ready to release their sophomore effort, "Background Music"..
4/5	==DB== 
5/5	==SS== An overindulgence in and dependence on a drug or other chemical.
===94	substance use	9
1/9	==DB== Substance abuse.icd F10.1-F19.1.icd 305.meshid D019966.Substance abuse.Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a drug in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods which are harmful to themselves or others, and is a form of substance-related disorder. Widely differing definitions of drug abuse are used in public health, medical and criminal justice contexts. In some cases criminal or anti-social behavior occurs when the person is under the influence of a drug, and long term personality changes in individuals may occur as well. In addition to possible physical, social, and psychological harm, use of some drugs may also lead to criminal penalties, although these vary widely depending on the local jurisdiction. Drugs most often associated with this term include: alcohol, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, cannabis, cocaine, methaqualone, opioids and substituted amphetamines. The exact cause of substance abuse is not clear, with theories including one of two: either a genetic disposition which is learned from others, or a habit which if addiction develops, it manifests itself as a chronic debilitating disease. In 2010 about 5% of people (230 million) used an illicit substance. Of these 27 million have high-risk drug use otherwise known as recurrent drug use causing harm to their health, psychological problems, or social problems or puts them at risk of those dangers. In 2013 drug use disorders resulted in 127,000 deaths up from 53,000 in 1990. The highest number of deaths are from opioid use disorders at 51,000. Cocaine use disorder resulted in 4,300 deaths and amphetamine use disorder resulted in 3,800 deaths. Alcohol use disorders resulted in an additional 139,000 deaths..comment Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a drug in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods which are harmful to themselves or others, and is a form of substance-related disorder. Widely differing definitions of drug abuse are used in public health, medical and criminal justice contexts. In some cases criminal or anti-social behavior occurs when the person is under the influence of a drug, and long term personality changes in individuals may occur as well. In addition to possible physical, social, and psychological harm, use of some drugs may also lead to criminal penalties, although these vary widely depending on the local jurisdiction..
2/9	==DB== Substance.producer Martin Hannett and Joy Division.length 2272.0.length 3749.0.released 1988-07-11.lastAlbum Still.nextAlbum The Peel Sessions.Substance (Joy Division album).Substance is a singles compilation album by the post-punk band Joy Division, released on Factory Records in 1988. It is the companion to a similar singles compilation by their subsequent band New Order, also entitled Substance. It peaked at number 7 on the UK Albums Chart and 146 on the Billboard 200, the band's only chart appearance in the United States. It also reached number 15 in New Zealand and number 53 in Australia in August 1988..comment Substance is a singles compilation album by the post-punk band Joy Division, released on Factory Records in 1988. It is the companion to a similar singles compilation by their subsequent band New Order, also entitled Substance. It peaked at number 7 on the UK Albums Chart and 146 on the Billboard 200, the band's only chart appearance in the United States. It also reached number 15 in New Zealand and number 53 in Australia in August 1988..
3/9	==DB== Substance.Substance 1989.genre *.producer New Order.filename New Order - Blue Monday.ogg.title New Order – Blue Monday excerpt.description An excerpt from the Substance version of "Blue Monday".Virgin Music Video, Factory.length 2400.0.length 8808.0.released 1987-08-15.lastAlbum Brotherhood.nextAlbum Technique.nextAlbum New Order Story.Substance 1987.Substance (also known as Substance 1987) is a compilation album by English alternative dance band New Order. It was released in August 1987 by Factory Records. The album compiles all of the band's singles at that point in their 12-inch versions, along with their respective B-side tracks. The then-newly released non-album single "True Faith" is also featured, along with its B-side "1963". Substance was released on vinyl, double CD, double cassette and Digital Audio Tape. It sold over one million copies and became New Order's most popular and critically acclaimed album..comment Substance (also known as Substance 1987) is a compilation album by English alternative dance band New Order. It was released in August 1987 by Factory Records. The album compiles all of the band's singles at that point in their 12-inch versions, along with their respective B-side tracks. The then-newly released non-album single "True Faith" is also featured, along with its B-side "1963". Substance was released on vinyl, double CD, double cassette and Digital Audio Tape. It sold over one million copies and became New Order's most popular and critically acclaimed album..
4/9	==DB== oclc 643569666.title SubStance.frequency Triannually.history 1971.issn 49.jstor 492426.eissn 1527.SubStance.SubStance: A Review of Theory and Literary Criticism is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1971 and is published by the University of Wisconsin Press. It covers work on literature and culture, with an emphasis on French literature. The editors-in-chief are Sydney Lévy (University of California, Santa Barbara) and Michel Pierssens (Université de Montréal)..comment SubStance: A Review of Theory and Literary Criticism is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1971 and is published by the University of Wisconsin Press. It covers work on literature and culture, with an emphasis on French literature. The editors-in-chief are Sydney Lévy (University of California, Santa Barbara) and Michel Pierssens (Université de Montréal)..
5/9	==DB== Substance dependence.icd -.icd F10.2-F19.2.icd 303.icd 304.meshid D019966.Substance dependence.Substance dependence also known as drug dependence is an adaptive state that develops from repeated drug administration, and which results in withdrawal upon cessation of drug use. A drug addiction, a distinct concept from substance dependence, is defined as compulsive, out-of-control drug use, despite negative consequences. An addictive drug is a drug which is both rewarding and reinforcing. ΔFosB, a gene transcription factor, is now known to be a critical component and common factor in the development of virtually all forms of behavioral addiction and drug addictions, but not dependence. Within the framework of the 4th edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV), substance dependence is redefined as a drug addiction, and can be diagnosed without the occurrence of a withdrawal syndrome. It is now described accordingly: "When an individual persists in use of alcohol or other drugs despite problems related to use of the substance, substance dependence may be diagnosed. Compulsive and repetitive use may result in tolerance to the effect of the drug and withdrawal symptoms when use is reduced or stopped. This, along with Substance Abuse are considered Substance Use Disorders.".comment Substance dependence also known as drug dependence is an adaptive state that develops from repeated drug administration, and which results in withdrawal upon cessation of drug use. A drug addiction, a distinct concept from substance dependence, is defined as compulsive, out-of-control drug use, despite negative consequences. An addictive drug is a drug which is both rewarding and reinforcing. ΔFosB, a gene transcription factor, is now known to be a critical component and common factor in the development of virtually all forms of behavioral addiction and drug addictions, but not dependence..
6/9	==DB== Chemical substance.A chemical substance is a form of matter that has constant chemical composition and characteristic properties. It cannot be separated into components by physical separation methods, i.e., without breaking chemical bonds. Chemical substances can be chemical elements, chemical compounds, ions or alloys. Chemical substances are often called 'pure' to set them apart from mixtures. A common example of a chemical substance is pure water; it has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether it is isolated from a river or made in a laboratory. Other chemical substances commonly encountered in pure form are diamond (carbon), gold, table salt (sodium chloride) and refined sugar (sucrose). However, in practice, no substance is entirely pure, and chemical purity is specified according to the intended use of the chemical. Chemical substances exist as solids, liquids, gases or plasma, and may change between these phases of matter with changes in temperature or pressure. Chemical substances may be combined or converted to others by means of chemical reactions. Forms of energy, such as light and heat, are not considered to be matter, and are thus not "substances" in this regard..comment A chemical substance is a form of matter that has constant chemical composition and characteristic properties. It cannot be separated into components by physical separation methods, i.e., without breaking chemical bonds. Chemical substances can be chemical elements, chemical compounds, ions or alloys. Chemical substances exist as solids, liquids, gases or plasma, and may change between these phases of matter with changes in temperature or pressure. Chemical substances may be combined or converted to others by means of chemical reactions..
7/9	==DB== Substance theory.Substance theory, or substance attribute theory, is an ontological theory about objecthood, positing that a substance is distinct from its properties. A thing-in-itself is a property-bearer that must be distinguished from the properties it bears. Substance is a key concept in ontology and metaphysics, which may be classified into monist, dualist, or pluralist varieties according to how many substances or individuals are said to populate, furnish, or exist in the world. According to monistic views, there is only one substance. Stoicism and Spinoza, for example, hold monistic views, that pneuma or God, respectively, is the one substance in the world. These modes of thinking are sometimes associated with the idea of immanence. Dualism sees the world as being composed of two fundamental substances, for example, the Cartesian substance dualism of mind and matter. Pluralist philosophies include Plato's Theory of Forms and Aristotle's hylomorphic categories..comment Substance theory, or substance attribute theory, is an ontological theory about objecthood, positing that a substance is distinct from its properties. A thing-in-itself is a property-bearer that must be distinguished from the properties it bears..
8/9	==DB== Substance control (disambiguation).
9/9	==DB== Substance.Gang Go Music, Edel.lastAlbum DJ Culture.nextAlbum Relax.Substance (Blank & Jones album).Substance is the fourth studio album by Trance duo Blank & Jones. It was released in 2002..comment Substance is the fourth studio album by Trance duo Blank & Jones. It was released in 2002..
===95	target language	3
1/3	==DB== Target language (translation).In translation, the target language is the language being translated to; it is the antonym of the source language, which is the language being translated from. In most professional settings, the target language is also the translator's first language. Translation for specific or professional topic areas often require a working knowledge of those terminologies in the target language as well. For example, the translation of a legal text requires not only fluency in the target language but also a familiarity with the terminology specific to the legal field in the target language. While the form and style of the source language often cannot be reproduced in the target language, the meaning and content can. Linguist Roman Jakobson went as far as to claim that all cognitive experience can be classified and expressed in any living language..comment In translation, the target language is the language being translated to; it is the antonym of the source language, which is the language being translated from. In most professional settings, the target language is also the translator's first language. Translation for specific or professional topic areas often require a working knowledge of those terminologies in the target language as well. For example, the translation of a legal text requires not only fluency in the target language but also a familiarity with the terminology specific to the legal field in the target language..
2/3	==DB== Target language (computing).
3/3	==SS== The language a learner is attempting to acquire.
===96	time bomb	41
1/41	==DB== Time Bomb (CSI: Miami).
2/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Special Branch).
3/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Earth: Final Conflict).
4/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Wonder Woman).
5/41	==DB== title Time Bomb.series Angel.season 5.airdate 2004-04-28.episode 19.guests *Jaime Bergman as Amanda *Jeff Yagher as Fell Leader *Adam Baldwin as Marcus Hamilton *Nick Gilhool as Fell Brother #1.Time Bomb (Angel)."Time Bomb" is episode 19 of season 5 in the television show Angel. Written by Ben Edlund and directed by Vern Gillum, it was originally broadcast on April 28, 2004 on the WB network. In "Time Bomb", Illyria rescues Gunn from the hell dimension he entered in penance for his role in Fred's death. While Angel negotiates a contract between a group of demons and a pregnant woman whose unborn child the demons believe to be their Messiah, Illyria begins uncontrollably looping through time, until Wesley shunts her excess power into another dimension. This is a crucial episode in the Illyria arc, because Team Angel are able to diminish her powers until she can only help them and can no longer destroy the Earth..comment "Time Bomb" is episode 19 of season 5 in the television show Angel. Written by Ben Edlund and directed by Vern Gillum, it was originally broadcast on April 28, 2004 on the WB network. In "Time Bomb", Illyria rescues Gunn from the hell dimension he entered in penance for his role in Fred's death. While Angel negotiates a contract between a group of demons and a pregnant woman whose unborn child the demons believe to be their Messiah, Illyria begins uncontrollably looping through time, until Wesley shunts her excess power into another dimension..
6/41	==DB== Time Bomb (S.W.A.T.).
7/41	==DB== Time Bomb.Terror on a Train.runtime 4320.0.runtime 4380.0.budget 975000.0.editing Frank Clarke.gross 746000.0.Time Bomb (1953 film).Time Bomb is a 1953 British-made MGM post-war thriller film written by Kem Bennett and directed by Ted Tetzlaff. It starred Glenn Ford and Anne Vernon. In the US it was released under the title Terror on a Train..comment Time Bomb is a 1953 British-made MGM post-war thriller film written by Kem Bennett and directed by Ted Tetzlaff. It starred Glenn Ford and Anne Vernon. In the US it was released under the title Terror on a Train..
8/41	==DB== founded 1994.Time Bomb Recordings.Time Bomb Recordings is a Laguna Beach, California based record label founded by artist manager Jim Guerinot in a 1994 joint-venture agreement with Arista Records. In the following 6 years, the artist roster grew to encompass a variety of musical genres (punk, indie, rock-a-billy); generally falling under the label "alternative rock." When the Arista agreement expired in 2000, Time Bomb signed with BMG Distribution. The label now exists mostly to administer the label's back catalog and is currently distributed by RED Distribution (whose parent, Sony Music Entertainment, absorbed BMG). On August 5, 2014, Time Bomb released Summer Nationals, the three-song covers EP by The Offspring on iTunes and Spotify..comment Time Bomb Recordings is a Laguna Beach, California based record label founded by artist manager Jim Guerinot in a 1994 joint-venture agreement with Arista Records. In the following 6 years, the artist roster grew to encompass a variety of musical genres (punk, indie, rock-a-billy); generally falling under the label "alternative rock." When the Arista agreement expired in 2000, Time Bomb signed with BMG Distribution. The label now exists mostly to administer the label's back catalog and is currently distributed by RED Distribution (whose parent, Sony Music Entertainment, absorbed BMG)..
9/41	==DB== Time Bombs (All Saints 1999 episode).
10/41	==DB== runtime 3180.0.showName Time Bomb 9/11.numSeasons 1.pictureFormat 480.firstAired 2005-06-20.lastAired 2005-12-25.Time Bomb 9/11."Time Bomb 9/11" or just "Time Bomb" was a Hindi political thriller that aired on Zee TV from June 20, 2005 to December 25, 2005. It used to air every Monday at 10:00pm, and the show had a similar format to "24". The story focuses on Osama Bin Laden and his terrorist group aiming to destroy the city of New Delhi on September 11 as well as assassinating the Indian Prime Minister who was played by Kay Kay Menon. A RAW group led by Field Officer Varun Awasthi (played by Rajeev Khandelwal) has to protect the Prime Minister and more importantly, the city..comment "Time Bomb 9/11" or just "Time Bomb" was a Hindi political thriller that aired on Zee TV from June 20, 2005 to December 25, 2005. It used to air every Monday at 10:00pm, and the show had a similar format to "24". The story focuses on Osama Bin Laden and his terrorist group aiming to destroy the city of New Delhi on September 11 as well as assassinating the Indian Prime Minister who was played by Kay Kay Menon. A RAW group led by Field Officer Varun Awasthi (played by Rajeev Khandelwal) has to protect the Prime Minister and more importantly, the city..
11/41	==DB== Time Bomb (All Saints 2005 episode).
12/41	==DB== Time Bomb.genre *.length 2727.0.released 2001-03-27.lastAlbum Buckcherry.nextAlbum 15.recorded 2000.Time Bomb (album).Time Bomb is the second studio album by American rock band Buckcherry. It was produced by John Travis  and released on March 27, 2001 by DreamWorks Records. It is the band's only album to feature guitarist Yogi Lonich and is the last album with the original line-up..comment Time Bomb is the second studio album by American rock band Buckcherry. It was produced by John Travis  and released on March 27, 2001 by DreamWorks Records. It is the band's only album to feature guitarist Yogi Lonich and is the last album with the original line-up..
13/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Falcon Crest).
14/41	==DB== Time Bomb (The Odyssey).
15/41	==DB== Time bomb.A time bomb (or a timebomb, time-bomb) is a bomb whose detonation is triggered by a timer. The use (or attempted use) of time bombs has been for various purposes including insurance fraud, terrorism, assassination, sabotage and warfare. They are a popular feature in fictional thriller and action films as they offer a way of imparting a dramatic sense of urgency..comment A time bomb (or a timebomb, time-bomb) is a bomb whose detonation is triggered by a timer. The use (or attempted use) of time bombs has been for various purposes including insurance fraud, terrorism, assassination, sabotage and warfare. They are a popular feature in fictional thriller and action films as they offer a way of imparting a dramatic sense of urgency..
16/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Buckcherry album).
17/41	==DB== Time Bomb (The Format song).
18/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Shadow Raiders).
19/41	==DB== producer Tom Thayer.runtime 5700.0.showName Time Bomb.network NBC.Time Bomb (1984 film).Time Bomb is a 1984 made for TV movie..comment Time Bomb is a 1984 made for TV movie..
20/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Hardball).
21/41	==DB== Time Bomb (World of Giants).
22/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Wolverine and the X-Men).
23/41	==DB== Time Bomb.producer Jerry Finn, Rancid.length 144.0.released 1995-11-01.lastSingle "Roots Radicals".nextSingle "Ruby Soho".Time Bomb (Rancid song)."Time Bomb" is a song by the American punk rock band Rancid. It was released as the second single from its third album, ...And Out Come the Wolves. The song reached number 8 on Billboard Modern Rock Tracks, marking the highest initial charting single in Rancid's career. "Time Bomb" is a ska punk song, similar to the sound of Operation Ivy, in which Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman used to play before Rancid. The lyrics for the first verse of the song were sampled from an earlier song, "Motorcycle Ride", which appeared on the band's previous album, Let's Go. The music video for the song was directed by Marcus Raboy. It was partially filmed at 155 Rivington in New York City's Lower East Side; the building later became the headquarters of Kickstarter..comment "Time Bomb" is a song by the American punk rock band Rancid. It was released as the second single from its third album, ...And Out Come the Wolves. The song reached number 8 on Billboard Modern Rock Tracks, marking the highest initial charting single in Rancid's career. "Time Bomb" is a ska punk song, similar to the sound of Operation Ivy, in which Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman used to play before Rancid. The lyrics for the first verse of the song were sampled from an earlier song, "Motorcycle Ride", which appeared on the band's previous album, Let's Go..
24/41	==DB== runtime 4980.0.showName Time Bomb.company TB Productions.firstAired 2006-03-19.firstAired 2007-04-05.network CBS.Time Bomb (2006 film).Time Bomb is a 2006 television film starring David Arquette and Angela Bassett, by CBS Television..comment Time Bomb is a 2006 television film starring David Arquette and Angela Bassett, by CBS Television..
25/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Mission: Impossible).
26/41	==DB== Time Bombs.producer Guylaine Maroist.country Canada.cinematography Douglas Munro.Time Bombs.Time Bombs is a 2008 Canadian film produced by "Productions de la ruelle"..comment Time Bombs is a 2008 Canadian film produced by "Productions de la ruelle"..
27/41	==DB== Time bomb (software).In computer software, a time bomb is part of a computer program that has been written so that it will start or stop functioning after a predetermined date or time is reached. The term "time bomb" does not refer to a program that stops functioning a specific number of days after it is installed; instead, the term "trialware" applies. Time bombs are commonly used in beta (pre-release) software when the manufacturer of the software does not want the beta version being used after the final release date. One example of time bomb software would be Microsoft's Windows Vista Beta 2, which was programmed to expire on May 31, 2007. The time limits on time bomb software are not usually as heavily enforced as they are on trial software, since time bomb software does not usually implement secure clock functions..comment In computer software, a time bomb is part of a computer program that has been written so that it will start or stop functioning after a predetermined date or time is reached. The term "time bomb" does not refer to a program that stops functioning a specific number of days after it is installed; instead, the term "trialware" applies. Time bombs are commonly used in beta (pre-release) software when the manufacturer of the software does not want the beta version being used after the final release date. One example of time bomb software would be Microsoft's Windows Vista Beta 2, which was programmed to expire on May 31, 2007. The time limits on time bomb software are not usually as heavily enforced as they are on trial software, since time bomb software does not usually implement secure clock .
28/41	==DB== Time Bomb (The F.B.I.).
29/41	==DB== Time Bomb (The Closer).
30/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea).
31/41	==DB== Time Bomb.released 2014-02-11.lastAlbum The Game.Time Bomb (Alyssa Reid album).Time Bomb is the second studio album by Canadian recording artist Alyssa Reid. It was released through Wax Records on February 11, 2014. Reid promoted it when she opened for Hedley on their Wild Live 2014 Canadian Tour, which began on February 14, 2014. The album was recorded and mixed at studios in Miami, Los Angeles, and Toronto..comment Time Bomb is the second studio album by Canadian recording artist Alyssa Reid. It was released through Wax Records on February 11, 2014. Reid promoted it when she opened for Hedley on their Wild Live 2014 Canadian Tour, which began on February 14, 2014. The album was recorded and mixed at studios in Miami, Los Angeles, and Toronto..
32/41	==DB== Time Bombs (All Saints 2008 episode).
33/41	==DB== Time Bombs (Extreme Universe).
34/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Fireside Theater).
35/41	==DB== Time Bomb.publisher Puffin Books , Tricycle Press , CB Creative.releaseDate 2005-01-06.Time Bomb (Hinton novel).Time Bomb is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton which was first published in 2005. It is set in 1949 and tells the story of four boys who found an un exploded bomb where they played..comment Time Bomb is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton which was first published in 2005. It is set in 1949 and tells the story of four boys who found an un exploded bomb where they played..
36/41	==DB== Time Bomb (240-Robert).
37/41	==DB== Time Bomb (The Bill).
38/41	==SS== A bomb that has a mechanism such that detonation can be preset to a particular time.
39/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Vega$).
40/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Sailor Moon).
41/41	==DB== Time Bomb (Alex Delaware).
===97	time limit	6
1/6	==SS== a time by which something must finish
2/6	==DB== Time limit.A time limit or deadline is a narrow field of time, or a particular point in time, by which an objective or task must be accomplished. Once that time has passed, the item may be considered overdue (e.g., for work projects or school assignments). In the case of work assignments or projects that are not completed by the deadline, this may adversely affect the employee's performance rating. In the case of school assignments, essays or reports submitted after the deadline, marks or grades may be deducted from the student's assessment. In some cases, no materials can be submitted after the deadline. This may occur with Calls for Proposal, commercial tenders for bids, and application dates for universities and professional schools. For tests and examinations in schools, universities and job competitions, once the time limit for the test is up, the test-takers must put down their pens or pencils and hand in their test. In project management, deadlines are most often associated with milestone goals..comment A time limit or deadline is a narrow field of time, or a particular point in time, by which an objective or task must be accomplished. Once that time has passed, the item may be considered overdue (e.g., for work projects or school assignments). In the case of work assignments or projects that are not completed by the deadline, this may adversely affect the employee's performance rating. In the case of school assignments, essays or reports submitted after the deadline, marks or grades may be deducted from the student's assessment..
3/6	==DB== Time Limit (horse).Time Limit (1995-1998) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse out of Gilded Time who broke down in the 1998 Jim Beam Stakes along with another colt by the name of Sorceror, who was out of Summer Squall. Event of the Year won the race. Time Limit and Sorceror were both Kentucky Derby prospects..comment Time Limit (1995-1998) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse out of Gilded Time who broke down in the 1998 Jim Beam Stakes along with another colt by the name of Sorceror, who was out of Summer Squall. Event of the Year won the race. Time Limit and Sorceror were both Kentucky Derby prospects..
4/6	==DB== Time Limit.genre *.writer * Hikaru Utada *.length 295.0.released 2000-06-30.format *.lastSingle "Wait & See (Risk)".nextSingle "Can You Keep a Secret?".Time Limit (song)."Time Limit" (Japanese: タイム・リミット Hepburn: Taimu Rimitto) is a song by Japanese musician Hikaru Utada. It was released as a double A-side single with the song "For You" on June 30, 2000..comment "Time Limit" (Japanese: タイム・リミット Hepburn: Taimu Rimitto) is a song by Japanese musician Hikaru Utada. It was released as a double A-side single with the song "For You" on June 30, 2000..
5/6	==DB== Time limit (video gaming).A time limit is a phrase in video game terminology that is used to make gameplay faster on the threat of losing a life. A typical time limit can range from a single second to multiple minutes..comment A time limit is a phrase in video game terminology that is used to make gameplay faster on the threat of losing a life. A typical time limit can range from a single second to multiple minutes..
6/6	==DB== Time Limit.producer William H. Reynolds.runtime 5760.0.released 1957-10-23.gross 1250000.0.Time Limit (film).Time Limit is a 1957 legal drama film directed by Karl Malden, based on the Broadway play of the same name written by Henry Denker and Ralph Berkey. The film is Malden's only directing credit; in his autobiography, Malden stated that he "preferred being a good actor to being a fairly good director." Richard Widmark co-produced the film and stars alongside Richard Basehart, who was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actor for his performance..comment Time Limit is a 1957 legal drama film directed by Karl Malden, based on the Broadway play of the same name written by Henry Denker and Ralph Berkey. The film is Malden's only directing credit; in his autobiography, Malden stated that he "preferred being a good actor to being a fairly good director." Richard Widmark co-produced the film and stars alongside Richard Basehart, who was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actor for his performance..
===98	time line	14
1/14	==DB== Transformers: Timelines.
2/14	==DB== Timeline: An Introduction to The Vision Bleak.released 2016-06-03.lastAlbum The Unknown.Timeline (The Vision Bleak album).Timeline (subtitled An Introduction to The Vision Bleak) is a compilation album by German gothic metal band The Vision Bleak. Their first compilation album ever, it was announced on March 27, 2016 and released on June 3 (the same release date of their sixth studio album, The Unknown) by Prophecy Productions. Intended to celebrate the band's 16th anniversary, and to introduce newcomers to their music, the album contains an assortment of songs ranging from their 2004 debut The Deathship Has a New Captain to their most recent release on 2016, The Unknown..comment Timeline (subtitled An Introduction to The Vision Bleak) is a compilation album by German gothic metal band The Vision Bleak. Their first compilation album ever, it was announced on March 27, 2016 and released on June 3 (the same release date of their sixth studio album, The Unknown) by Prophecy Productions. Intended to celebrate the band's 16th anniversary, and to introduce newcomers to their music, the album contains an assortment of songs ranging from their 2004 debut The Deathship Has a New Captain to their most recent release on 2016, The Unknown..
3/14	==DB== showName The Timeline.numSeasons 2.numEpisodes 16.firstAired 2015-12-03.The Timeline.The Timeline is a documentary series developed by NFL Films and airs on NFL Network that documents select events of the National Football League..comment The Timeline is a documentary series developed by NFL Films and airs on NFL Network that documents select events of the National Football League..
4/14	==DB== Timeline.(For other uses, see Timeline (disambiguation).) A timeline is a way of displaying a list of events in chronological order, sometimes described as a project artifact. It is typically a graphic design showing a long bar labelled with dates alongside itself and usually events labelled on points where they would have happened..comment (For other uses, see Timeline (disambiguation).) A timeline is a way of displaying a list of events in chronological order, sometimes described as a project artifact. It is typically a graphic design showing a long bar labelled with dates alongside itself and usually events labelled on points where they would have happened..
5/14	==DB== Timeline (Yellowjackets album).Timeline is an album by the American jazz group Yellowjackets, released in 2011. The album reached a peak position of number five on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart, and was nominated for Best Jazz Instrumental Album at the Grammy Awards of 2012..comment Timeline is an album by the American jazz group Yellowjackets, released in 2011. The album reached a peak position of number five on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart, and was nominated for Best Jazz Instrumental Album at the Grammy Awards of 2012..
6/14	==DB== Timeline.yearsActive ?–present.background group_or_band.currentMembers * Kenny Davis * Kassa Overall * Maurice Chestnut.Timeline (band).Timeline is a contemporary jazz band consisting of Kenny Davis (bass), Kassa Overall (drums) and Maurice Chestnut (tap percussion). They have been touring with Geri Allen since 2007. Their live album with Allen was a 2010 nominee for the Independent Music Awards. The group received the Monterey Jazz Festival's 2011 grant for new work..comment Timeline is a contemporary jazz band consisting of Kenny Davis (bass), Kassa Overall (drums) and Maurice Chestnut (tap percussion). They have been touring with Geri Allen since 2007. Their live album with Allen was a 2010 nominee for the Independent Music Awards. The group received the Monterey Jazz Festival's 2011 grant for new work..
7/14	==DB== Timeline.genre *.length 13650.0.released --11-17.released --11-07.released --01-13.lastAlbum Elected.nextAlbum The Theory of Everything.Timeline (Ayreon album).Timeline is the second compilation album by Dutch progressive metal project Ayreon. It was released in November 2008 in Europe. It was also released in North America in early 2009. The album features three CDs containing selected songs from all Ayreon albums, and a DVD featuring live performances, video clips and behind-the-scenes. The third CD also features a song, called "Epilogue: The Memory Remains", specifically written for the release, which provides further insight into the final chapter of the Ayreon concept and the probable future of its characters. Jasper Steverlinck, singer of Arid, made a guest appearance as the vocalist of the song. He would later be invited by Arjen to sing on his new side project Guilt Machine. Many songs were remastered for this release. Apart from the CDs and DVD, a timeline poster illustrating the Ayreon universe and a booklet containing new photos, lyrics, and notes on the story are also available in the Timeline package..comment Timeline is the second compilation album by Dutch progressive metal project Ayreon. It was released in November 2008 in Europe. It was also released in North America in early 2009. The album features three CDs containing selected songs from all Ayreon albums, and a DVD featuring live performances, video clips and behind-the-scenes. Many songs were remastered for this release. Apart from the CDs and DVD, a timeline poster illustrating the Ayreon universe and a booklet containing new photos, lyrics, and notes on the story are also available in the Timeline package..
8/14	==SS== 
9/14	==DB== Timeline (TV series).Timeline was a 1989 American, British, Spanish and Turkish educational television series that aired on PBS, presenting historical events from the Middle Ages in the style of newscasts. Six episodes of the series were produced. The series was created, written and directed by Leo Eaton through Maryland Public Television (MPT). Producers were Diane Holmes of Holmes Associates in London, UK, Fernando de Castro Lopez of TVE (Televisión Española), and Altug Savasal of TRT (Turkish Radio and Television Corporation). It was filmed on location during summer 1988 on the Isle of Man in the UK and in Spain and Turkey, with the anchor newsroom created at Maryland Public TV in America. Timeline evolved from a series of similar television shorts for children created by Gary Witt and produced by Leo Eaton earlier in the 1980s, called Newscast from the Past. Gary Witt was also a co-producer on Timeline. In Timeline, news anchor Steve Bell and four ethnically diverse field reporters (Siboletto of Zimbabwe, Owen of Canarfon, Luis de Jaen and Selim Karasi) report from six watershed events in human history between 1066 and 1492. Owing its inspiration to Walter Cronkite's You Are There which aired on CBS from 1953 to 1957, Timeline also included faux commercials for products and services first available at that time in history. While the premier episode "The Crusades" aired to good ratings and received extensive press coverage, PBS's decision to broadcast each half-hour episode only on a bi-monthly basis (paired with comedian Mark Russell's half-hour satirical TV specials) provided no audience continuity and the series soon disappeared from public view..comment Timeline was a 1989 American, British, Spanish and Turkish educational television series that aired on PBS, presenting historical events from the Middle Ages in the style of newscasts. Six episodes of the series were produced..
10/14	==DB== List of timelines.This is a list of timelines currently on Wikipedia..comment This is a list of timelines currently on Wikipedia..
11/14	==DB== Timeline.producer Richard Donner.producer Jim Van Wyck.runtime 6960.0.budget 8.0E7.gross 4.39E7.Timeline (film).Timeline is a 2003 science fiction adventure film directed by Richard Donner, based on the novel of the same name by Michael Crichton. A team of present-day archaeologists are sent back in time to rescue their professor from medieval France in the middle of a battle. It stars Paul Walker, Frances O'Connor, Gerard Butler, Billy Connolly, David Thewlis and Anna Friel among others. Jerry Goldsmith composed the original score, which would have been his last before his death in 2004, but it was replaced with a new score by Brian Tyler, after the first cut was re-edited and Goldsmith's increasing health problems did not allow him to continue. The film was poorly received by critics and was a box office failure..comment Timeline is a 2003 science fiction adventure film directed by Richard Donner, based on the novel of the same name by Michael Crichton. A team of present-day archaeologists are sent back in time to rescue their professor from medieval France in the middle of a battle. It stars Paul Walker, Frances O'Connor, Gerard Butler, Billy Connolly, David Thewlis and Anna Friel among others..
12/14	==DB== Timeline.producer Richard Marx.length 3627.0.lastAlbum Days in Avalon.nextAlbum My Own Best Enemy.Timeline (Richard Marx album).Timeline is the fifth compilation album released by Richard Marx shortly after the release of Days In Avalon. It includes some of Marx's popular songs including a medley of all of Marx's singles at the time of this album's release..comment Timeline is the fifth compilation album released by Richard Marx shortly after the release of Days In Avalon. It includes some of Marx's popular songs including a medley of all of Marx's singles at the time of this album's release..
13/14	==DB== 
14/14	==DB== Timeline.publisher Fredrick.pages 464.isbn 679444815.dewey 883.congress PS3553.R68 T56 1999.oclc 39348527.Timeline (novel).Timeline is a science fiction novel by Michael Crichton that was published in November 1999. It tells the story of a group of history students who travel to 14th Century France to rescue their professor. The book follows in Crichton's long history of combining technical details and action in his books, addressing quantum and multiverse theory. The novel spawned Timeline Computer Entertainment, a computer game developer that created the Timeline PC game published by Eidos Interactive in 2000. A film based on the book was released in 2003..comment Timeline is a science fiction novel by Michael Crichton that was published in November 1999. It tells the story of a group of history students who travel to 14th Century France to rescue their professor. The book follows in Crichton's long history of combining technical details and action in his books, addressing quantum and multiverse theory. The novel spawned Timeline Computer Entertainment, a computer game developer that created the Timeline PC game published by Eidos Interactive in 2000. A film based on the book was released in 2003..
===99	time scale	6
1/6	==DB== 
2/6	==DB== Geological time scale.
3/6	==DB== Thermal time scale.In astrophysics, the thermal time scale or Kelvin-Helmholtz time scale is the approximate time it takes for a star to radiate away its total kinetic energy content at its current luminosity rate. Along with the nuclear and dynamical time scales, it is used to estimate the length of time a particular star will remain in a certain phase of its life and its lifespan if hypothetical conditions are met. In reality, the lifespan of a star is greater than what is estimated by the thermal time scale because as one fuel becomes scarce, another will generally take its place--hydrogen burning gives way to helium burning, which is replaced by carbon burning..comment In astrophysics, the thermal time scale or Kelvin-Helmholtz time scale is the approximate time it takes for a star to radiate away its total kinetic energy content at its current luminosity rate. Along with the nuclear and dynamical time scales, it is used to estimate the length of time a particular star will remain in a certain phase of its life and its lifespan if hypothetical conditions are met. In reality, the lifespan of a star is greater than what is estimated by the thermal time scale because as one fuel becomes scarce, another will generally take its place--hydrogen burning gives way to helium burning, which is replaced by carbon burning..
4/6	==SS== A series of events used as a rough measure of duration.
5/6	==DB== Time scale (music).
6/6	==DB== Dynamical time scale.In time standards, dynamical time is the time-like argument of a dynamical theory; and a dynamical time scale in this sense is the realization of a time-like argument based on a dynamical theory: that is, the time and time scale are defined implicitly, inferred from the observed position of an astronomical object via a theory of its motion. A first application of this concept of dynamical time was the definition of the ephemeris time scale (ET). In the late 19th century it was suspected, and in the early 20th century it was established, that the rotation of the Earth (i.e. the length of the day) was both irregular on short time scales, and was slowing down on longer time scales. The suggestion was made, that observation of the position of the Moon, Sun and planets and comparison of the observations with their gravitational ephemerides would be a better way to determine a uniform time scale. A detailed proposal of this kind was published in 1948 and adopted by the IAU in 1952 (see Ephemeris time - history). Using data from Newcomb's Tables of the Sun (based on the theory of the apparent motion of the Sun by Simon Newcomb, 1895, as retrospectively used in the definition of ephemeris time), the SI second was defined in 1960 as: the fraction 1/31,556,925.9747 of the tropical year for 1900 January 0 at 12 hours ephemeris time. Caesium atomic clocks became operational in 1955, and their use provided further confirmation that the rotation of the earth fluctuated randomly. This confirmed the unsuitability of the mean solar second of Universal Time as a precision measure of time interval. After three years of comparisons with lunar observations it was determined that the ephemeris second corresponded to 9,192,631,770 +/- 20 cycles of the caesium resonance. In 1967/8 the length of the SI second was redefined to be 9,192,631,770 cycles of the caesium resonance, equal to the previous measurement result for the ephemeris second (see Ephemeris time - redefinition of the second). In 1976, however, the IAU resolved that the theoretical basis for ephemeris time was wholly non-relativistic, and therefore, beginning in 1984 ephemeris time would be replaced by two further time scales with allowance for relativistic corrections. Their names, assigned in 1979, emphasized their dynamical nature or origin, Barycentric Dynamical Time (TDB) and Terrestrial Dynamical Time (TDT). Both were defined for continuity with ET and were based on what had become the standard SI second, which in turn had been derived from the measured second of ET. During the period 1991–2006, the TDB and TDT time scales were both redefined and replaced, owing to difficulties or inconsistencies in their original definitions. The current fundamental relativistic time scales are Geocentric Coordinate Time (TCG) and Barycentric Coordinate Time (TCB); both of these have rates that are based on the SI second in respective reference frames (and hypothetically outside the relevant gravity well), but on account of relativistic effects, their rates would appear slightly faster when observed at the Earth's surface, and therefore diverge from local earth-based time scales based on the SI second at the Earth's surface. Therefore, the currently defined IAU time scales also include Terrestrial Time (TT) (replacing TDT, and now defined as a re-scaling of TCG, chosen to give TT a rate that matches the SI second when observed at the Earth's surface), and a redefined Barycentric Dynamical Time (TDB), a re-scaling of TCB to give TDB a rate that matches the SI second at the Earth's surface..comment In time standards, dynamical time is the time-like argument of a dynamical theory; and a dynamical time scale in this sense is the realization of a time-like argument based on a dynamical theory: that is, the time and time scale are defined implicitly, inferred from the observed position of an astronomical object via a theory of its motion. A first application of this concept of dynamical time was the definition of the ephemeris time scale (ET). the fraction 1/31,556,925.9747 of the tropical year for 1900 January 0 at 12 hours ephemeris time..
===100	top dog	6
1/6	==DB== Top Dog.producer Wayne Hodgson.producer Nick Aldrich.producer Simon Cluett.budget 837000.0.Top Dog (2014 film).Top Dog is a crime drama film based on the novel written by Dougie Brimson who also penned the screenplay. Directed by Martin Kemp it starred Leo Gregory, Vincent Regan and Ricci Harnett..comment Top Dog is a crime drama film based on the novel written by Dougie Brimson who also penned the screenplay. Directed by Martin Kemp it starred Leo Gregory, Vincent Regan and Ricci Harnett..
2/6	==DB== Top Dog.runtime 5160.0.budget 6000000.0.gross 5100000.0.Top Dog (1995 film).Top Dog is a 1995 action comedy film directed by Aaron Norris and starring Chuck Norris. Written by Aaron Norris and Tim Grayem, it was Norris' last film to release theatrically before he shifted to direct-to-video films for several years. In the film, Norris' character, Jake Wilder, is partnered with Reno, a police dog, whose handler was killed. Jake and Reno investigate a plot by domestic terrorists to attack a conference on unity. Jake and Reno survive assassination attempts and several hand-to-hand fights with the terrorists and eventually discover enough clues to foil the attack. The film is set in San Diego and was largely filmed there. The film received mainly negative reviews, and its box office was negatively impacted by the timing of its release, only 9 days after the Oklahoma City bombing..comment Top Dog is a 1995 action comedy film directed by Aaron Norris and starring Chuck Norris. Written by Aaron Norris and Tim Grayem, it was Norris' last film to release theatrically before he shifted to direct-to-video films for several years. The film received mainly negative reviews, and its box office was negatively impacted by the timing of its release, only 9 days after the Oklahoma City bombing..
3/6	==DB== Top Dog (comics).Top Dog is a character from the comic book of the same name, published by Star Comics (an imprint of Marvel Comics). Top Dog was created by Lennie Herman (writer) and Warren Kremer (artist)..comment Top Dog is a character from the comic book of the same name, published by Star Comics (an imprint of Marvel Comics). Top Dog was created by Lennie Herman (writer) and Warren Kremer (artist)..
4/6	==SS== the boss, the leader (of the pack)
5/6	==DB== The Top Dog.writer Kenelm Foss.language English intertitles.language Silent.starring Hayford Hobbs.starring Mary Odette.The Top Dog.The Top Dog is a 1918 British silent drama film directed by Arrigo Bocchi and starring Kenelm Foss, Mary Odette and Hayford Hobbs. It was made at Catford Studios..comment The Top Dog is a 1918 British silent drama film directed by Arrigo Bocchi and starring Kenelm Foss, Mary Odette and Hayford Hobbs. It was made at Catford Studios..
6/6	==DB== Top Dogg.birthDate 1976-12-25.birthName Dashawn Jamal Yates.yearsActive 1995.background solo_singer.alias D-O, Big Kahuna.Top Dog (rapper).Top Dog (birth name Dashawn Jamal Yates) is an American rapper, member of the Hip Hop supergroup Boot Camp Clik, and the trio O.G.C.. Top Dog (also known as Big Kahuna and D.O.) debuted on Smif-N-Wessun's Dah Shinin' in 1995, appearing on the single "Sound Bwoy Bureill" and the track "Cession at da Doghillee". Top Dog became a member of The Fab 5 in 1995, releasing the hit single "Blah" b/w "Leflaur Leflah Eshkoshka". He and O.G.C. dropped their debut album Da Storm in October 1996, featuring the rap hit "No Fear". He recorded an album with the Boot Camp Clik in 1997, For the People, and followed up with another O.G.C. album, The M-Pire Shrikez Back, in 1999. He returned with the Camp in 2002, releasing the album The Chosen Few, and released another album with the Boot Camp, The Last Stand, on July 18, 2006. Top Dog is the younger brother of Smif-n-Wessun rapper and fellow Boot Camp member, Steele..comment Top Dog (birth name Dashawn Jamal Yates) is an American rapper, member of the Hip Hop supergroup Boot Camp Clik, and the trio O.G.C.. Top Dog (also known as Big Kahuna and D.O.) debuted on Smif-N-Wessun's Dah Shinin' in 1995, appearing on the single "Sound Bwoy Bureill" and the track "Cession at da Doghillee". Top Dog became a member of The Fab 5 in 1995, releasing the hit single "Blah" b/w "Leflaur Leflah Eshkoshka". He and O.G.C. dropped their debut album Da Storm in October 1996, featuring the rap hit "No Fear". He recorded an album with the Boot Camp Clik in 1997, For the People, and followed up with another O.G.C. album, The M-Pire Shrikez Back, in 1999. He returned with the Camp in 2002, releasing the album The Chosen Few, and released another album with the Boot Camp, The Last Stand.
===101	town centre	3
1/3	==DB== Town Centre (KCRC).
2/3	==SS== The main commercial or business area of a town, containing the principle shops, banks, restaurants and public traffic hub.
3/3	==DB== Town centre.The town centre is the term used to refer to the commercial or geographical centre or core area of a town. Town centres are traditionally associated with shopping or retail. They are also the centre of communications with major public transport hubs such as train or bus stations. Public buildings including town halls, museums and libraries are often found in town centres. Town centres are symbolic to settlements as a whole and often contain the best examples of architecture, main landmark buildings, statues and public spaces associated with a place..comment The town centre is the term used to refer to the commercial or geographical centre or core area of a town. Town centres are traditionally associated with shopping or retail. They are also the centre of communications with major public transport hubs such as train or bus stations. Public buildings including town halls, museums and libraries are often found in town centres. Town centres are symbolic to settlements as a whole and often contain the best examples of architecture, main landmark buildings, statues and public spaces associated with a place..
===102	vantage point	4
1/4	==DB== Vantage Point.Vantage Point: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack.runtime 5400.0.Varèse Sarabande.length 2490.0.budget 4.0E7.released 2008-02-26.gross 1.511E8.Vantage Point (film).Vantage Point is a 2008 American political action thriller film directed by Pete Travis; it was adapted from a screenplay written by Barry L. Levy. The story focuses on an assassination attempt on the President of the United States, as seen from the various vantage points of different characters. Dennis Quaid, Matthew Fox, Forest Whitaker, William Hurt, and Sigourney Weaver star in principal roles. The film is often compared, unfavorably, to Akira Kurosawa's Rashomon, which also employed storytelling through multiple perspectives. Rashomon used the multiple perspectives to question the possibility of truth, in a process called the Rashomon effect; in contrast, Vantage Point recounts a series of events which are re-enacted from several different perspectives and viewpoints in order to reveal a truthful account of what happened. Vantage Point also explores kidnapping, assassination and terrorism. The motion picture was co-produced by Relativity Media, Original Film, and Art In Motion. It was commercially distributed by Columbia Pictures theatrically, and by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment in home media format. The film project began principal photography in Mexico City on June 18, 2006. Executive producers for the film included Callum Greene, Tania Landau, and Lynwood Spinks. On February 26, 2008, the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was released by the Varèse Sarabande label. The film score was composed by musician Atli Örvarsson. Following its premiere on February 22, 2008, Vantage Point grossed $72,266,306 in domestic ticket receipts. The film was screened at 3,163 theaters during its widest release nationwide in the United States. It earned an additional $78,895,185 in business through international release to top out at a combined $151,161,491 in gross revenue. The film was technically considered a strong financial success due to its $40 million budget costs. Preceding its theatrical run though, the film was met with generally mixed to negative critical reviews. The widescreen DVD and high-definition Blu-ray Disc editions of the film featuring the director's audio commentary and interviews with the cast and crew, were both released in the United States on July 8, 2008..comment Vantage Point is a 2008 American political action thriller film directed by Pete Travis; it was adapted from a screenplay written by Barry L. Levy. The story focuses on an assassination attempt on the President of the United States, as seen from the various vantage points of different characters. Dennis Quaid, Matthew Fox, Forest Whitaker, William Hurt, and Sigourney Weaver star in principal roles. The film is often compared, unfavorably, to Akira Kurosawa's Rashomon, which also employed storytelling through multiple perspectives. Rashomon used the multiple perspectives to question the possibility of truth, in a process called the Rashomon effect; in contrast, Vantage Point recounts a series of events which are re-enacted from several different perspectives and viewpoints in order to revea.
2/4	==SS== A place or position affording a good view.''The hill provided the troops an excellent '''vantage point''' to scout for the enemy.'' 
3/4	==DB== The Vantage Point.
4/4	==DB== Vantage Point.length 2795.0.released 2008-04-18.released 2008-04-21.released 2008-05-21.lastAlbum Pocket Revolution.nextAlbum Keep You Close.Vantage Point (album).Vantage Point is the fifth album from the Belgian band Deus, released on April 18, 2008. This is the first Deus album which features the same line-up as the previous album.This album was also the first to be recorded at their own built studio in Borgerhout, near Antwerp. Upon its release in Belgium Vantage Point was already certified Gold, then reached Platinum within its first month release..comment Vantage Point is the fifth album from the Belgian band Deus, released on April 18, 2008. This is the first Deus album which features the same line-up as the previous album.This album was also the first to be recorded at their own built studio in Borgerhout, near Antwerp. Upon its release in Belgium Vantage Point was already certified Gold, then reached Platinum within its first month release..
===103	video clip	2
1/2	==DB== Video   Clip.language Thai.released 2007-07-26.Video Clip.Video Clip or VDO Clip (Thai: วิดีโอคลิป) is a 2007 Thai horror film directed by Pakphum Wonjinda..comment Video Clip or VDO Clip (Thai: วิดีโอคลิป) is a 2007 Thai horror film directed by Pakphum Wonjinda..
2/2	==DB== Video clip.Video clips are short clips of video, usually part of a longer recording. The term is also more loosely used to mean any short video less than the length of a traditional television program..comment Video clips are short clips of video, usually part of a longer recording. The term is also more loosely used to mean any short video less than the length of a traditional television program..
===104	voice control	2
1/2	==DB== Speaker recognition.Speaker recognition is the identification of a person from characteristics of voices (voice biometrics). It is also called voice recognition. There is a difference between speaker recognition (recognizing who is speaking) and speech recognition (recognizing what is being said). These two terms are frequently confused, and "voice recognition" can be used for both. In addition, there is a difference between the act of authentication (commonly referred to as speaker verification or speaker authentication) and identification. Finally, there is a difference between speaker recognition (recognizing who is speaking) and speaker diarisation (recognizing when the same speaker is speaking). Recognizing the speaker can simplify the task of translating speech in systems that have been trained on specific person's voices or it can be used to authenticate or verify the identity of a speaker as part of a security process. Speaker recognition has a history dating back some four decades and uses the acoustic features of speech that have been found to differ between individuals. These acoustic patterns reflect both anatomy (e.g., size and shape of the throat and mouth) and learned behavioral patterns (e.g., voice pitch, speaking style). Speaker verification has earned speaker recognition its classification as a "behavioral biometric"..comment Speaker recognition is the identification of a person from characteristics of voices (voice biometrics). It is also called voice recognition. There is a difference between speaker recognition (recognizing who is speaking) and speech recognition (recognizing what is being said). These two terms are frequently confused, and "voice recognition" can be used for both. In addition, there is a difference between the act of authentication (commonly referred to as speaker verification or speaker authentication) and identification. Finally, there is a difference between speaker recognition (recognizing who is speaking) and speaker diarisation (recognizing when the same speaker is speaking). Recognizing the speaker can simplify the task of translating speech in systems that have been trained on speci.
2/2	==DB== Voice command device.A voice command device (VCD) is a device controlled by means of the human voice. By removing the need to use buttons, dials and switches, consumers can easily operate appliances with their hands full or while doing other tasks. Some of the first examples of VCDs can be found in home appliances with washing machines that allow consumers to operate washing controls through vocal commands and mobile phones with voice-activated dialing. Newer VCDs are speaker-independent, so they can respond to multiple voices, regardless of accent or dialectal influences. They are also capable of responding to several commands at once, separating vocal messages, and providing appropriate feedback, accurately imitating a natural conversation. They can understand around 50 different commands and retain up to 2 minutes of vocal messages. VCDs can be found in computer operating systems, commercial software for computers, mobile phones, cars, call centers, and internet search engines such as Google. In 2007, a CNN business article reported that voice command was over a billion dollar industry and that companies like Google and Apple were trying to create speech recognition features. It has been years since the article was published, and since then the world has witnessed a variety of voice command devices. In addition, Google created a speech recognition engine called Pico TTS and Apple has released Siri. Voice command devices are becoming more widely available, and innovative ways for using the human voice are always being created. For example, Business Week suggests that the future remote controller is going to be the human voice. Currently Xbox Live allows such features and Jobs hinted at such a feature on the new Apple TV..comment A voice command device (VCD) is a device controlled by means of the human voice. By removing the need to use buttons, dials and switches, consumers can easily operate appliances with their hands full or while doing other tasks. Some of the first examples of VCDs can be found in home appliances with washing machines that allow consumers to operate washing controls through vocal commands and mobile phones with voice-activated dialing..
===105	web forms	2
1/2	==DB== Form (HTML).A webform, web form or HTML form on a web page allows a user to enter data that is sent to a server for processing. Forms can resemble paper or database forms because web users fill out the forms using checkboxes, radio buttons, or text fields. For example, forms can be used to enter shipping or credit card data to order a product, or can be used to retrieve search results from a search engine..comment A webform, web form or HTML form on a web page allows a user to enter data that is sent to a server for processing. Forms can resemble paper or database forms because web users fill out the forms using checkboxes, radio buttons, or text fields. For example, forms can be used to enter shipping or credit card data to order a product, or can be used to retrieve search results from a search engine..
2/2	==DB== ASP.NET.status Succeeded by ASP.NET Core.latestReleaseVersion 4.6.operatingSystem Microsoft Windows, Linux and MacOS.ASP.NET.ASP.NET is an open-source server-side web application framework designed for web development to produce dynamic web pages. It was developed by Microsoft to allow programmers to build dynamic web sites, web applications and web services. It was first released in January 2002 with version 1.0 of the .NET Framework, and is the successor to Microsoft's Active Server Pages (ASP) technology. ASP.NET is built on the Common Language Runtime (CLR), allowing programmers to write ASP.NET code using any supported .NET language. The ASP.NET SOAP extension framework allows ASP.NET components to process SOAP messages. ASP.NET's successor is ASP.NET Core. It is a re-implementation of ASP.NET as a modular web framework, together with other frameworks like Entity Framework. The new framework uses the new open-source .NET Compiler Platform (codename "Roslyn") and is cross platform. ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Web API, and ASP.NET Web Pages (a platform using only Razor pages) have merged into a unified MVC 6..comment ASP.NET is an open-source server-side web application framework designed for web development to produce dynamic web pages. It was developed by Microsoft to allow programmers to build dynamic web sites, web applications and web services..
===106	west side	13
1/13	==DB== West Side.released 2007-06-29.lastAlbum Just JJ World Tour.lastAlbum 就是俊傑.nextAlbum Waiting For Love.nextAlbum 期待愛.longtype 西界.West Side (album).West Side (Chinese: 西界; pinyin: Xī Jiè) is Chinese Singaporean Mandopop singer-songwriter JJ Lin's fifth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 29 June 2007 by the Ocean Butterflies Music. The track "殺手" (The Killer) was nominated for Top 10 Gold Songs at the Hong Kong TVB8 Awards, presented by television station TVB8, in 2007..comment West Side (Chinese: 西界; pinyin: Xī Jiè) is Chinese Singaporean Mandopop singer-songwriter JJ Lin's fifth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 29 June 2007 by the Ocean Butterflies Music. The track "殺手" (The Killer) was nominated for Top 10 Gold Songs at the Hong Kong TVB8 Awards, presented by television station TVB8, in 2007..
2/13	==DB== West Side.utcOffset 360.0.utcOffsetDst 300.0.West Side, Chicago.The West Side is one of the three major sections of the city of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, along with the North Side and the South Side. The West Side consists of communities that are of historical, cultural, and ideological importance to the history and development of Chicago. On the municipal flag of Chicago, the West Side is represented by the central white stripe. Often referenced by the media and residents as a largely poor, crime-ridden area of the city, the West Side has gone through many transitions in its ethnic and socioeconomic makeup due to its historic role as a gateway for immigrants and migrants as well as its role for funneling poorer residents away from the wealthier lakeside neighborhoods and central business district. Today, the West Side consists of large communities of widely working class, low-income, and poverty-stricken Black, Puerto Rican, and Mexican residents; some small communities of blue-collar, lower middle class and middle class white residents of historically Polish, Italian, Czech, and Greek, descent; and newer communities of middle-class and upper-middle class white residents created by gentrification. Major shifts continue to happen due to forces such as rapid gentrification, selective corporate investments, and unequal distribution of city resources. There are a range of services available on the West Side, especially educational, cultural, and medical institutions. One of the nation's largest urban medical districts, the Illinois Medical District, is on the West Side. Three of Chicago's largest parks, along with much of the city's boulevard system, are in this part of the city: Humboldt Park, Garfield Park, and Douglas Park. The West Side is very accessible by the interstate and public transportation via the Chicago Transit Authority's many bus routes, the Chicago 'L', the Metra commuter rail, and the Eisenhower Expressway. Additionally, Cook County Jail, the United States' largest single site jail, and a secretive interrogation facility maintained by the Chicago Police Department, are both on the West Side..comment The West Side is one of the three major sections of the city of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, along with the North Side and the South Side. The West Side consists of communities that are of historical, cultural, and ideological importance to the history and development of Chicago. On the municipal flag of Chicago, the West Side is represented by the central white stripe..
3/13	==DB== West Side (Manhattan).The West Side of Manhattan refers to the side of Manhattan Island which abuts the Hudson River and faces New Jersey. Fifth Avenue, Central Park, and lower Broadway separate it from the East Side. The major neighborhoods on the West Side are (from north to south) West Harlem, Morningside Heights, Manhattan Valley, Upper West Side, Hell's Kitchen, Chelsea, West Village, SoHo, and Tribeca. The 8th Avenue and West Side subway lines connect all parts of the West Side. The main north-south roads servicing the West Side are the Henry Hudson Parkway in the north, and the West Side Highway in the south. The Hudson River Greenway separates them from the west shore of the island..comment The West Side of Manhattan refers to the side of Manhattan Island which abuts the Hudson River and faces New Jersey. Fifth Avenue, Central Park, and lower Broadway separate it from the East Side. The major neighborhoods on the West Side are (from north to south) West Harlem, Morningside Heights, Manhattan Valley, Upper West Side, Hell's Kitchen, Chelsea, West Village, SoHo, and Tribeca. The 8th Avenue and West Side subway lines connect all parts of the West Side. The main north-south roads servicing the West Side are the Henry Hudson Parkway in the north, and the West Side Highway in the south. The Hudson River Greenway separates them from the west shore of the island..
4/13	==DB== West Side, Jersey City.The West Side of Jersey City is an area made up of several diverse neighborhoods on either side of West Side Avenue, one of the city's main shopping streets. Parallel and west of Kennedy Boulevard, West Side Avenue carries two county route designations. West Side Avenue at its northern end begins in the Marion Section as a dead end at the PATH trains, though there is no station there After crossing Broadway and Sip Avenue it passes Holy Name Cemetery on the west and nearby Saint Peter's College to the east. "The Bubble", an air-supported structure that is part of Yanitelli Center, is visible on the slope of Montgomery Street. Lincoln Park is one of the largest county parks in Hudson County and includes recreational facilities (tennis, track, athletic fields, golf range, biking, running) and picnicking areas. Overpasses provide pedestrian access over Truck 1-9 from the older, more urban eastern section of the park to the more natural west section on the Hackensack River. The streets ascending from the park contain an eclectic mix architectural styles including Victorian and Edwardian mansions, and pre-war and Art Deco apartment buildings in the Bergen Section. St Aloyius Church is a prominent landmark near the park. At Communipaw Avenue the street enters the heart of West Bergen. West Bergen is so called in reference Bergen-Lafayette Section and in the 19th century was part of Bergen Township and Bergen. (The name Bergen is from the original Bergen, New Netherland centered on Bergen Square). One of the very few older residential districts of the city west of the avenue radiates from Mallory Avenue as it runs south from Lincoln Park. The West Side Avenue Station is the terminus for the single branch of the Hudson Bergen Light Rail. The station is on an embankment above the east side of street, and consists of an island platform and two tracks. Bumper blocks are at the west end of the station, a pedestrian bridge and elevator connecting it a large park and ride lot and bus stations. The former Central Railroad of New Jersey right of way formerly continued west across the Newark and New York Railroad Bridge at Newark Bay and there are proposals to extend the line to a station close by. The Jersey City Board of Education is located nearby. The West Campus of New Jersey City University began development in 2006, and will more than double the campus's with academic buildings, residences, retail spaces, parking, and a "University Promenade." Along with Bayfront, Jersey City, another planned community, the West Side will be expanded with residential, retail, and recreational areas. West Side Avenue's southern end is the Country Village  section of Greenville at Danforth Avenue close to NJ-440, across which is the Droyer's Point and completed sections of the Hackensack RiverWalk. New Jersey Transit bus routes #1, #80, #87 as well as A&C Bus Corporation serve the district..comment The West Side of Jersey City is an area made up of several diverse neighborhoods on either side of West Side Avenue, one of the city's main shopping streets. Parallel and west of Kennedy Boulevard, West Side Avenue carries two county route designations. The West Campus of New Jersey City University began development in 2006, and will more than double the campus's with academic buildings, residences, retail spaces, parking, and a "University Promenade." Along with Bayfront, Jersey City, another planned community, the West Side will be expanded with residential, retail, and recreational areas..
5/13	==DB== West Side, Outer Hebrides.The West Side (Scottish Gaelic: An Taobh Siar) is the name used for the (predominantly Gaelic-speaking) settlements along the NW coast of the Isle of Lewis between Dell in Ness to the NE and Shawbost to the SW. The area is about 25 km long and is served by the A857 and A858 roads. The settlements on the West Side are: (from the NE) Galson/Gabhsann, Melbost/Mealabost, Borve/Buirgh, Shader/Siadar, Barvas/Barabhas, Brue/Brù, Arnol, Bragar and Shawbost/Siabost..comment The West Side (Scottish Gaelic: An Taobh Siar) is the name used for the (predominantly Gaelic-speaking) settlements along the NW coast of the Isle of Lewis between Dell in Ness to the NE and Shawbost to the SW. The area is about 25 km long and is served by the A857 and A858 roads. The settlements on the West Side are: (from the NE) Galson/Gabhsann, Melbost/Mealabost, Borve/Buirgh, Shader/Siadar, Barvas/Barabhas, Brue/Brù, Arnol, Bragar and Shawbost/Siabost..
6/13	==DB== West Side.leaderTitle City Council Members.leaderTitle County Council Members.settlementType City of Binghamton neighborhood.postalCode 13905.areaCode 607.West Side, Binghamton.The West Side, as the name implies, is a neighborhood in the western section of the New York State city of Binghamton. It is primarily an urban residential neighborhood with retail along Main Street and pockets of industrial buildings along the train tracks. The West Side, can be defined as encompassing the area north of the Susquehanna River, east of the neighboring village of Johnson City along Margaret Street and Floral Avenue, west of the Chenango River and south of the Norfolk Southern tracks. The area's "main drag" is Main Street which carries NY-17C. It runs from the foot of the Court Street Bridge west and into Johnson City. It is lined with retail, consisting of several large supermarkets, churches, pharmacies, bank branches, a few bars and restaurants as well as a few mom and pop shops. Other important streets in the neighborhood are Riverside Drive, Front Street which carries US-11, Leroy Street, Grand Boulevard and Floral Avenue. The West Side is home to Lourdes Memorial Hospital, Recreation Park, and Binghamton High School. The American Civic Association, on Front Street, was the site of the Binghamton shootings in 2009, where 13 people were killed by a shooter before he committed suicide. Apart from commercial Main Street and some industrial buildings one block north of it along the Norfolk Southern tracks, the Westside of Binghamton is primarily an urban residential neighborhood. The housing stock ranges from small to large, detached, single and double-family houses to attached row-houses and larger apartment buildings. Generally, the area south of Main Street towards Riverside Drive and the Susquehanna River is inhabited mainly by people of lower middle to upper-class. The area north of Main Street is inhabited by people of a lower income. Many college students also live in the area south of Main Street near/around Recreation Park. Notable West Side residents include: Rod Serling, film maker, creator of The Twilight Zone Richard Deacon, actor Jeff Lake, Regional President of NBT Bank Quincy Sands, Professor of Medieval and Early Modern Studies at Binghamton University Darlanne Fluegel, actress.comment The West Side, as the name implies, is a neighborhood in the western section of the New York State city of Binghamton. It is primarily an urban residential neighborhood with retail along Main Street and pockets of industrial buildings along the train tracks. The West Side, can be defined as encompassing the area north of the Susquehanna River, east of the neighboring village of Johnson City along Margaret Street and Floral Avenue, west of the Chenango River and south of the Norfolk Southern tracks. The West Side is home to Lourdes Memorial Hospital, Recreation Park, and Binghamton High School..
7/13	==SS== 
8/13	==DB== West Side, Manchester, New Hampshire.The West Side is a large area defining many neighborhoods in the city of Manchester, New Hampshire, in the United States. It consists of all parts of the city that lie west of the Merrimack River and includes the neighborhoods of Northwest Manchester, Rimmon Heights, Notre Dame, Piscataquog, Wolfe Park, and Mast Road. It lies just to the east of the community of Pinardville in the neighboring town of Goffstown. While much of the West Side was historically dominated by French Canadian neighborhoods like Notre Dame and Rimmon Heights, the area was also home to other ethnic groups, including the city's largest German neighborhood in Piscataquog. It has become increasingly diverse, but is still largely associated with the city's French Canadian heritage. Most of the developed areas of the West Side are high density urban neighborhoods, but the outer neighborhoods of Northwest Manchester, Wolfe Park, and Mast Road are medium to suburban..comment The West Side is a large area defining many neighborhoods in the city of Manchester, New Hampshire, in the United States. It consists of all parts of the city that lie west of the Merrimack River and includes the neighborhoods of Northwest Manchester, Rimmon Heights, Notre Dame, Piscataquog, Wolfe Park, and Mast Road. It lies just to the east of the community of Pinardville in the neighboring town of Goffstown. Most of the developed areas of the West Side are high density urban neighborhoods, but the outer neighborhoods of Northwest Manchester, Wolfe Park, and Mast Road are medium to suburban..
9/13	==DB== location 250.floorCount *T1: 85 *T2: 75 *T3: 63 *T4: 69.cost A$1 billion.buildingName West Side Place.West Side Place.West Side Place is an approved A$1 billion complex of four residential and hotel buildings which, when built, will become some of the tallest buildings in Melbourne. The project is located on 250 Spencer Street, Melbourne..comment West Side Place is an approved A$1 billion complex of four residential and hotel buildings which, when built, will become some of the tallest buildings in Melbourne. The project is located on 250 Spencer Street, Melbourne..
10/13	==DB== West Side, Newark, New Jersey.The West Side is an unincorporated community and neighborhood within the city of Newark in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. It is bounded on the east by Bergen Street, on the south by Rose Terrace and Avon Avenue, on the west by Irvington and on the north by South Orange Avenue. The main roads running through the neighborhood are Bergen Street, South Orange Avenue and Springfield Avenue. The mostly residential neighborhood is home to Woodland Cemetery and West Side Park. West Side Highschool and Chad Science Academy (closed down in 2005) (7-12) are also in this neighborhood. The area between 14th Street, 17th Avenue, 12th Avenue and Avon Avenue, once called Wolf's Harbor, is now the area around West Side Park. The area of Wolf's Harbor was once a large marsh that was home to several wolves. The area was renamed Magnolia Swamp after the tree when the wolves disappeared from the swamp. The swamp was filled in over time and eventually 14th Street cut through the middle of it after land was repeatedly filled in by Edward Keogh (an area that later was called Keogh's Hole). West Side Park, a county run park, was originally situated on a hill full of linden trees overlooking a lake, but the lake was later filled in to accommodate fields. Today the west side of the park remains elevated over the clear flat east side of the park and the hill was once used for skiing. There were once performances at the park, including Dionne Warwick and Whitney Houston..comment The West Side is an unincorporated community and neighborhood within the city of Newark in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. It is bounded on the east by Bergen Street, on the south by Rose Terrace and Avon Avenue, on the west by Irvington and on the north by South Orange Avenue. The main roads running through the neighborhood are Bergen Street, South Orange Avenue and Springfield Avenue. The mostly residential neighborhood is home to Woodland Cemetery and West Side Park. West Side Highschool and Chad Science Academy (closed down in 2005) (7-12) are also in this neighborhood. The area between 14th Street, 17th Avenue, 12th Avenue and Avon Avenue, once called Wolf's Harbor, is now the area around West Side Park. The area of Wolf's Harbor was once a large marsh that was home to severa.
11/13	==DB== railroadName West Side Lumber Company railway.startYear 1900.endYear 1962.West Side Lumber Company railway.The West Side Lumber Company railway was the last of the 3 ft (914 mm) narrow gauge logging railroads operating in the American west..comment The West Side Lumber Company railway was the last of the 3 ft (914 mm) narrow gauge logging railroads operating in the American west..
12/13	==DB== West Side Story (musical).
13/13	==DB== West Side, Windsor, Ontario.
===107	wolf pack	17
1/17	==DB== title Wolfpack.Wolfpack (video game).Wolfpack is a World War II submarine simulator published by Brøderbund in the 1990s, for use on the Amiga, Atari ST, DOS computers and the Apple Macintosh. It simulates combat actions between wolf packs of German U-boats and convoys of Allied destroyers and merchant vessels in the Battle of the Atlantic..comment Wolfpack is a World War II submarine simulator published by Brøderbund in the 1990s, for use on the Amiga, Atari ST, DOS computers and the Apple Macintosh. It simulates combat actions between wolf packs of German U-boats and convoys of Allied destroyers and merchant vessels in the Battle of the Atlantic..
2/17	==DB== The Wolfpack.director Crystal Moselle.producer * Hunter Gray * Izabella Tzenkova *.producer * Alex Orlovsky.runtime 5400.0.gross 1200000.0.The Wolfpack.The Wolfpack is a 2015 American documentary film about a family who homeschooled and raised their seven children in the confinement of their apartment in the Lower East Side of New York City. The film, directed by Crystal Moselle, premiered on January 25, 2015 at the Sundance Film Festival, where it won the U.S. Documentary Grand Jury Prize. The film went on to be the Closing Night film of Maryland Film Festival 2015..comment The Wolfpack is a 2015 American documentary film about a family who homeschooled and raised their seven children in the confinement of their apartment in the Lower East Side of New York City. The film, directed by Crystal Moselle, premiered on January 25, 2015 at the Sundance Film Festival, where it won the U.S. Documentary Grand Jury Prize. The film went on to be the Closing Night film of Maryland Film Festival 2015..
3/17	==DB== Wolfpack.length 1551.0.released 2013-06-25.lastAlbum Trust No One.Wolfpack (EP).Wolfpack is the third EP released by the Italian post-hardcore band Hopes Die Last. The EP was self-released on June 25, 2013. Two singles were released to promote the EP, including "Cheaters Must Die" on May 20, 2013 and "Hellbound" on June 3, 2013..comment Wolfpack is the third EP released by the Italian post-hardcore band Hopes Die Last. The EP was self-released on June 25, 2013. Two singles were released to promote the EP, including "Cheaters Must Die" on May 20, 2013 and "Hellbound" on June 3, 2013..
4/17	==DB== Teenage Wolfpack.Die Halbstarken.runtime 5340.0.runtime 5820.0.Teenage Wolfpack.Teenage Wolfpack (German: Die Halbstarken) is a 1956 German film directed by Georg Tressler. The film is also known as Wolfpack in the United Kingdom..comment Teenage Wolfpack (German: Die Halbstarken) is a 1956 German film directed by Georg Tressler. The film is also known as Wolfpack in the United Kingdom..
5/17	==SS== 
6/17	==DB== Wolfpack Studios.Wolfpack Studios was a video game company based in Austin, Texas. It was founded in 1999 by text-MUD veterans J. Todd Coleman, Josef Hall, James Nance, Robert Marsa and Patrick Blanton. Wolfpack's sole product was the fantasy MMORPG Shadowbane, with its accompanying two expansions. The product was launched in March 2003, and the company and intellectual property were acquired by Ubisoft on March 1, 2004. In May 2006, Ubisoft decided to divest the ongoing Shadowbane game service. Frank Lucero, head of the Austin-based studio, and his partner-to-be Mark Nuasha engaged Ubisoft in buyout discussions. The result was the newly created independent game studio, Stray Bullet Games, LLC..comment Wolfpack Studios was a video game company based in Austin, Texas. It was founded in 1999 by text-MUD veterans J. Todd Coleman, Josef Hall, James Nance, Robert Marsa and Patrick Blanton. Wolfpack's sole product was the fantasy MMORPG Shadowbane, with its accompanying two expansions. The product was launched in March 2003, and the company and intellectual property were acquired by Ubisoft on March 1, 2004..
7/17	==DB== Wolfpack (naval tactic).The term wolfpack refers to the mass-attack tactics against convoys used by German U-boats of the Kriegsmarine during the Battle of the Atlantic, and by submarines of the United States Navy against Japanese shipping in the Pacific Ocean in World War II..comment The term wolfpack refers to the mass-attack tactics against convoys used by German U-boats of the Kriegsmarine during the Battle of the Atlantic, and by submarines of the United States Navy against Japanese shipping in the Pacific Ocean in World War II..
8/17	==DB== Portland Wolfpack.The Portland Wolfpack were a team in the now-defunct International Fight League and based in Portland, Oregon. The Wolfpack were coached by Olympic silver medalist in Greco Roman Wrestling, Matt Lindland. The Wolfpack were established in the middle of the 2006 season. In their debut season the Wolfpack made it to the 2006 IFL Championship Final but were defeated by the Quad City Silverbacks 1-4. The Wolfpack were associated with the MMA training camp Team Quest based out of Gresham, Oregon. Even though the Wolfpack sent only two fighters into the 2007 GP (one being a last minute replacement) they walked away with two championship titles; the lightweight title and the middleweight title. Along with Lindland, the Wolfpack were also coached by former IFL fighter Dennis Hallman, the first man to defeat UFC legend Matt Hughes twice..comment The Portland Wolfpack were a team in the now-defunct International Fight League and based in Portland, Oregon. The Wolfpack were coached by Olympic silver medalist in Greco Roman Wrestling, Matt Lindland. The Wolfpack were established in the middle of the 2006 season. In their debut season the Wolfpack made it to the 2006 IFL Championship Final but were defeated by the Quad City Silverbacks 1-4. The Wolfpack were associated with the MMA training camp Team Quest based out of Gresham, Oregon..
9/17	==DB== Wolfpack (squadron).
10/17	==DB== Pack (canine).Pack is a social group of conspecific canids. Not all species of canids form packs; for example, small canids like the red fox do not. Pack size and social behaviour within packs varies across species..comment Pack is a social group of conspecific canids. Not all species of canids form packs; for example, small canids like the red fox do not. Pack size and social behaviour within packs varies across species..
11/17	==DB== Thompson Rivers WolfPack.nickname WolfPack.Thompson Rivers WolfPack.The TRU WolfPack are the athletic teams that represent Thompson Rivers University in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada. They were formerly known as the UCC Sun Demons, prior to the creation of the university in 2005. With the change in name the basketball and volleyball teams made the move to the Canadian Interuniversity Sport..comment The TRU WolfPack are the athletic teams that represent Thompson Rivers University in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada. They were formerly known as the UCC Sun Demons, prior to the creation of the university in 2005. With the change in name the basketball and volleyball teams made the move to the Canadian Interuniversity Sport..
12/17	==DB== founded 2008.mascot Alpha.logo WisconsinWolfpack.PNG.Wisconsin Wolfpack.The Wisconsin Wolfpack was an American football franchise based in Wisconsin. The Wolfpack name and brand was used for two teams: an indoor football team in the Continental Indoor Football League and a traditional (outdoor) football team in the Mid Continental Football League. The indoor team played its home games at the Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Madison, Wisconsin in its inaugural season of 2009, but moved to the Hartmeyer Arena for the 2010 season. The outdoor team was somewhat nomadic throughout its history with regards to where it played its home games, however, outdoor games were generally played in the Milwaukee metropolitan area..comment The Wisconsin Wolfpack was an American football franchise based in Wisconsin. The Wolfpack name and brand was used for two teams: an indoor football team in the Continental Indoor Football League and a traditional (outdoor) football team in the Mid Continental Football League..
13/17	==DB== North Carolina State Wolfpack.nickname Wolfpack.mascot Mr. Wuf & Mrs. Wuf.NC State Wolfpack.The NC State Wolfpack are the athletic teams representing North Carolina State University. They compete as a member of the NCAA Division I level (Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) sub-level for football), primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 1953–54 season. Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, football, golf, soccer, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field, and wrestling. Women's sports include basketball, cheerleading, cross country, golf, gymnastics, soccer, softball, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field, and volleyball. Rifle is a co-ed team. The athletic teams of the Wolfpack compete in 23 intercollegiate varsity sports. NC State is a founding member of the Atlantic Coast Conference and has won eight national championships: two NCAA championships, two AIAW championships, and four titles under other sanctioning bodies. Most NC State fans and athletes recognize the rivalry with the North Carolina Tar Heels as their biggest. The primary logo for NC State athletics is a red block 'S' with an inscribed 'N' and 'C'. The block S has been in use since 1890 but has seen many alterations through the years. The color red was adopted from the state bird, the cardinal. It became the sole logo for all NC State athletic teams in 2000 and was modernized to its current design in 2006. NC State athletic teams are nicknamed the 'Wolfpack'. The name was adopted in 1921 when a disgruntled fan described the behavior of some of the school's football players as being "as unruly as a pack of wolves". Prior to the adoption of the current nickname, North Carolina State athletic teams went by such names as the Aggies, the Techs, the Red Terrors, and Farmers. Since the 1960s the Wolfpack has been represented at athletic events by its mascots, Mr. and Mrs. Wuf who were married on February 28, 1981 by the Demon Deacon at Reynolds Coliseum at half time of an NC State game versus Wake Forest. The Demon Deacon presided over the wedding. In print, the "Strutting Wolf" is used and is known by the name "Tuffy." In September 2010, a purebred Tamaskan dog became the new live mascot, "Tuffy"..comment The NC State Wolfpack are the athletic teams representing North Carolina State University. They compete as a member of the NCAA Division I level (Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) sub-level for football), primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 1953–54 season. Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, football, golf, soccer, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field, and wrestling. Women's sports include basketball, cheerleading, cross country, golf, gymnastics, soccer, softball, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field, and volleyball. Rifle is a co-ed team..
14/17	==DB== Toronto Wolfpack.Toronto Wolfpack RLFC is a Canadian professional rugby league club, based in Toronto, which will begin play in the 2017 League 1 season..comment Toronto Wolfpack RLFC is a Canadian professional rugby league club, based in Toronto, which will begin play in the 2017 League 1 season..
15/17	==DB== Loyola Wolfpack.nickname Wolfpack.university Loyola University New Orleans.Loyola Wolfpack.The Loyola Wolfpack are composed of 11 teams representing Loyola University New Orleans in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, cross country, tennis, and track. Men's sports include baseball. Women's sports include volleyball and golf. The Wolfpack compete in the NAIA and are members of the Southern States Athletic Conference..comment The Loyola Wolfpack are composed of 11 teams representing Loyola University New Orleans in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, cross country, tennis, and track. Men's sports include baseball. Women's sports include volleyball and golf. The Wolfpack compete in the NAIA and are members of the Southern States Athletic Conference..
16/17	==DB== Wolfpack (Marvel Comics).The Wolfpack are fictional characters in the Marvel Universe..comment The Wolfpack are fictional characters in the Marvel Universe..
17/17	==DB== Lillehammer Wolfpack.The Lillehammer Wolfpack are an American football team based in Lillehammer, Norway. They are former members of the Norway American Football Federation (NoAFF), having entered the league in 1998..comment The Lillehammer Wolfpack are an American football team based in Lillehammer, Norway. They are former members of the Norway American Football Federation (NoAFF), having entered the league in 1998..
===108	world tour	13
1/13	==DB== publisher Aspyr Media.title Guitar Hero World Tour.developer Vicarious Visions.developer Budcat Creations.series Guitar Hero.released --10-26.Guitar Hero World Tour.Guitar Hero World Tour (initially referred to as Guitar Hero IV or Guitar Hero IV: World Tour) is a music rhythm game developed by Neversoft, published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane. It is the fourth main entry in the Guitar Hero series. The game was launched in North America in October 2008 for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360 consoles, and a month later for Europe and Australia. A version of World Tour for Microsoft Windows and Apple Macintosh was later released. While the game continues to feature the use of a guitar-shaped controller to simulate the playing of rock music, Guitar Hero World Tour is the first game in the Guitar Hero series to feature drum and microphone controllers for percussion and vocal parts, similar in manner to the competing Rock Band series of games. The game allows users to create new songs through the "Music Studio" mode, which can then be uploaded and shared through a service known as "GHTunes". World Tour received generally positive reviews with critics responding positively to the quality of the instrument controllers, the customization abilities, and improvements in the game's difficulty compared with the previous Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock..comment Guitar Hero World Tour (initially referred to as Guitar Hero IV or Guitar Hero IV: World Tour) is a music rhythm game developed by Neversoft, published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane. It is the fourth main entry in the Guitar Hero series. The game was launched in North America in October 2008 for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360 consoles, and a month later for Europe and Australia. A version of World Tour for Microsoft Windows and Apple Macintosh was later released..
2/13	==DB== World Tour (Mary J. Blige).
3/13	==DB== World Tour (Bananarama).The World Tour is the second concert tour by British girl group Bananarama. The first tour was a "warm up" under the name of "Lovekids Tour 1988" and was only performed in Japan. The 1989 World Tour supported four studio albums, Deep Sea Skiving, Bananarama, True Confessions, and Wow!.This tour which hit North America, Asia, Australia, Ireland and the UK promoted the group's Greatest Hits Collection. At the same time, Bananarama entered the Guinness Book of World Records as the all-female group who have the most chart entries in history, a record they still hold. Sara Dallin and Keren Woodward had known Jacqui O'Sullivan since they were eighteen and had invited to become a member of Bananarama as a replacement for outgoing member Siobhan Fahey, who also approved of the choice. One new song, "Love, Truth and Honesty", was included and remixed. The other new track on the setlist was a re-recorded version of the Supremes track "Nathan Jones". When Bananarama toured the United States in 1989, they felt they had proven to doubters—particularly the press—that they were a legitimate musical entity. As member Sara Dallin told the Washington Times, "People originally thought we wouldn't last. They thought we'd be one-hit wonders.... I think seven years' success has proved everybody wrong. We've finally got the success we deserve.".comment The World Tour is the second concert tour by British girl group Bananarama. The first tour was a "warm up" under the name of "Lovekids Tour 1988" and was only performed in Japan. The 1989 World Tour supported four studio albums, Deep Sea Skiving, Bananarama, True Confessions, and Wow!.This tour which hit North America, Asia, Australia, Ireland and the UK promoted the group's Greatest Hits Collection. At the same time, Bananarama entered the Guinness Book of World Records as the all-female group who have the most chart entries in history, a record they still hold. Sara Dallin and Keren Woodward had known Jacqui O'Sullivan since they were eighteen and had invited to become a member of Bananarama as a replacement for outgoing member Siobhan Fahey, who also approved of the choice..
4/13	==DB== WSA World Tour.
5/13	==DB== PSA World Tour.
6/13	==DB== World Tour (Deep Purple).
7/13	==DB== founded 2009.champion Team:.champion Rider: Peter Sagan.champion Country: Spain.teams 18.currentSeason 2016.UCI World Tour.The UCI World Tour (2009–2010: UCI World Ranking) is the premier annual male elite road cycling tour. It refers to both the tour of 28 events and an annual ranking system based upon performances in these. The World Ranking was launched in 2009, and merged fully with its predecessor the UCI ProTour in 2011..comment The UCI World Tour (2009–2010: UCI World Ranking) is the premier annual male elite road cycling tour. It refers to both the tour of 28 events and an annual ranking system based upon performances in these. The World Ranking was launched in 2009, and merged fully with its predecessor the UCI ProTour in 2011..
8/13	==DB== World Tour (bodyboarding).The APB World Tour is the men's international bodyboarding tour, which started at 1994 and has undergone a few changes in names and regulations since. Every year the bodyboarder who top-scores in the ranking, by winning points competing in the World Tour events around the world, is given the world title. This title is recognized by all bodyboarders and undisputed by any other organization in the world. The tour is governed by the Association of Professional Bodyboarders that can be reached at , which is also the governing body of world bodyboarding. The current World Tour champion is Jared Houston from South Africa. The most successful competitor on the tour is Hawaiian Mike Stewart with 9 world titles. The main goal of the World Tour is to promote bodyboarding around the world by running international quality events that encourage technical riding. The majority of the venues on tour are in the most technical waves in the world. Some of these most challenging waves in the world are breaks like; Shark Island in NSW Australia, Zicatela in Mexico, Pipeline in Hawaii, Arica in Chile, Middles in Puerto Rico, Itacoatiara in Brazil and finishing the tour is the Fronton event in the Canary Islands..comment The APB World Tour is the men's international bodyboarding tour, which started at 1994 and has undergone a few changes in names and regulations since. Every year the bodyboarder who top-scores in the ranking, by winning points competing in the World Tour events around the world, is given the world title. This title is recognized by all bodyboarders and undisputed by any other organization in the world. The tour is governed by the Association of Professional Bodyboarders that can be reached at , which is also the governing body of world bodyboarding..
9/13	==DB== producer Shugo Takahashi.producer Toshiharu Izuno.writer Hiroyuki Takahashi.title Mario Golf: World Tour.designer Shugo Takahashi.designer Hiroyuki Takahashi.designer Norisumi Osawa.series Mario Golf.released --05-01.Mario Golf: World Tour.Mario Golf: World Tour (マリオゴルフ ワールドツアー Mario Gorufu Wārudo Tsuā) is a golf video game developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS. The game was first announced on February 14, 2013, in a Nintendo Direct presentation. It is the fifth game in the series, and is the first one in a decade, since 2004's Mario Golf: Advance Tour for the Game Boy Advance. The game was initially scheduled for the second half of 2013, but was eventually delayed into May 2014. It was released worldwide in May 2014..comment Mario Golf: World Tour (マリオゴルフ ワールドツアー Mario Gorufu Wārudo Tsuā) is a golf video game developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS. The game was first announced on February 14, 2013, in a Nintendo Direct presentation. It is the fifth game in the series, and is the first one in a decade, since 2004's Mario Golf: Advance Tour for the Game Boy Advance. The game was initially scheduled for the second half of 2013, but was eventually delayed into May 2014. It was released worldwide in May 2014..
10/13	==DB== FIVB Beach Volleyball World Tour.The FIVB Beach Volleyball World Tour is an intercontinental beach volleyball tour. The tour was previously known as the FIVB Beach Volleyball Swatch World Tour (2003–2012) where the International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) signed a sponsorship deal with Swatch..comment The FIVB Beach Volleyball World Tour is an intercontinental beach volleyball tour. The tour was previously known as the FIVB Beach Volleyball Swatch World Tour (2003–2012) where the International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) signed a sponsorship deal with Swatch..
11/13	==DB== founded 1996.currentSeason 2016.ITTF World Tour.The ITTF World Tour (known as the ITTF Pro Tour from its inception in 1996 until 2011), is a series of table tennis tournaments introduced by International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) in 1996, in order to improve the quality of the sport. The Tour includes events in six categories: Men's and Women's Singles, Men's and Women's Doubles, and Under-21 Men's and Women's Singles. The Tour has its own points system, with players accumulating points based on their performance in the tournaments they participate in. The players who gain the most points in the six different categories will be invited to the ITTF World Tour Grand Finals at the end of the year. The events are included in the ITTF world rankings, and are classified as R2 in rating weightings and B2, B3 or B4 in bonus weightings..comment The ITTF World Tour (known as the ITTF Pro Tour from its inception in 1996 until 2011), is a series of table tennis tournaments introduced by International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) in 1996, in order to improve the quality of the sport. The Tour includes events in six categories: Men's and Women's Singles, Men's and Women's Doubles, and Under-21 Men's and Women's Singles. The Tour has its own points system, with players accumulating points based on their performance in the tournaments they participate in. The players who gain the most points in the six different categories will be invited to the ITTF World Tour Grand Finals at the end of the year. The events are included in the ITTF world rankings, and are classified as R2 in rating weightings and B2, B3 or B4 in bonus weightings..
12/13	==DB== ASP World Tour.
13/13	==DB== ATP World Tour.
===109	beat off	3
1/3	==SS== To drive something away with blows or military force. Now often used figuratively.
2/3	==DB== Masturbation.Masturbation is the sexual stimulation of one's own genitals for sexual arousal or other sexual pleasure, usually to the point of orgasm. The stimulation may involve hands, fingers, everyday objects, sex toys such as vibrators, or combinations of these. Mutual masturbation (mutual manual stimulation of the genitals between partners) can be a substitute for sexual penetration. Studies have found that masturbation is frequent in humans of both sexes and all ages, although there is variation. Various medical and psychological benefits have been attributed to a healthy attitude toward sexual activity in general and to masturbation in particular. No causal relationship is known between masturbation and any form of mental or physical disorder. Masturbation has been depicted in art since prehistoric times and is mentioned and discussed in very early writings. In the 18th and 19th centuries, some European theologians and physicians described it as "heinous", "deplorable", and "hideous", but during the 20th century, these taboos generally declined. There has been an increase in discussion and portrayal of masturbation in art, popular music, television, films, and literature. Today, religions vary in their views of masturbation; some view it as a spiritually detrimental practice, some see it as not spiritually detrimental, and others take a situational view. The legal status of masturbation has also varied through history and masturbation in public is illegal in most countries. In the West, masturbation in private or with a partner is generally considered a normal and healthy part of sexual enjoyment. Animal masturbation has been observed in many species, both in the wild and in captivity..comment Masturbation is the sexual stimulation of one's own genitals for sexual arousal or other sexual pleasure, usually to the point of orgasm. The stimulation may involve hands, fingers, everyday objects, sex toys such as vibrators, or combinations of these. Mutual masturbation (mutual manual stimulation of the genitals between partners) can be a substitute for sexual penetration. Studies have found that masturbation is frequent in humans of both sexes and all ages, although there is variation. Various medical and psychological benefits have been attributed to a healthy attitude toward sexual activity in general and to masturbation in particular. No causal relationship is known between masturbation and any form of mental or physical disorder..
3/3	==DB== Beat Off.Asian Man.LK-081.ASM-142.released --02-06.released 1994-08-10.lastAlbum Love Songs for the Retarded.nextAlbum Suck This.Beat Off.Beat Off is the third full-length album by pop punk band The Queers..comment Beat Off is the third full-length album by pop punk band The Queers..
===110	black out	52
1/52	==DB== The Blackout.released 2008-10-31.nextAlbum Redemption.The Blackout (album).The Blackout is the debut studio album by American Christian hip hop artist Derek Minor (at the time went under PRo), released on October 31, 2008 through his label Reflection Music Group (at the time named Christ Like Entertainment). The album was noted for its "braggadocios" approach. The song "Hate Me More", featuring Kingstone, was released as a promotional single through the Christian hip hop website DaSouth.com..comment The Blackout is the debut studio album by American Christian hip hop artist Derek Minor (at the time went under PRo), released on October 31, 2008 through his label Reflection Music Group (at the time named Christ Like Entertainment). The album was noted for its "braggadocios" approach. The song "Hate Me More", featuring Kingstone, was released as a promotional single through the Christian hip hop website DaSouth.com..
2/52	==DB== Blackout.pages 256.isbn 1.congress CPB Box no. 2714 vol. 8.oclc 71192934.mediaType Print.series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.releaseDate 2006-08-29.Blackout (Buffy novel).Blackout is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer..comment Blackout is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer..
3/52	==DB== runtime 5400.0.showName Blackout.firstAired 1985-07-28.network HBO.Blackout (1985 film).Blackout is a 1985 made-for-HBO thriller starring Keith Carradine, Kathleen Quinlan and Richard Widmark..comment Blackout is a 1985 made-for-HBO thriller starring Keith Carradine, Kathleen Quinlan and Richard Widmark..
4/52	==DB== Blackout.writer JP Siili.runtime 6480.0.Blackout (2008 Finnish film).Blackout is a 2008 Finnish film written and directed by JP Siili..comment Blackout is a 2008 Finnish film written and directed by JP Siili..
5/52	==DB== Blackout.genre Children's picture book.pages 40.isbn 978.congress PZ7.R5818 Bl 2011.Blackout (picture book).Blackout is a children's picture book written and illustrated by John Rocco, published by Disney Hyperion in 2011. It features a New York City family during an electrical power outage. During the blackout, the lack of distraction by their technological devices leads to a renewal of the family members' connections with each other. Blackout was a 2012 Caldecott Honor Book, one runner-up for the annual Caldecott Medal. Fox 2000 has optioned it for a live-action feature..comment Blackout is a children's picture book written and illustrated by John Rocco, published by Disney Hyperion in 2011. It features a New York City family during an electrical power outage. During the blackout, the lack of distraction by their technological devices leads to a renewal of the family members' connections with each other. Blackout was a 2012 Caldecott Honor Book, one runner-up for the annual Caldecott Medal. Fox 2000 has optioned it for a live-action feature..
6/52	==DB== Blackout Records.founded 1988.Blackout Records.It was formed in 1988 by Bill Wilson – now forever known as "Bill Blackout" – and, together with friend Jim Gibson, the label released its first record – a New York hardcore compilation album entitled Where the Wild Things Are, in 1989. The record included tracks from some of NYC's most popular bands of the day. After this first release, Gibson amicably parted company to start his own record label, Noiseville Records. Blackout! continued to release more local hardcore, with EPs from Uppercut and Outburst, and a live single from Sheer Terror. This was followed by a mini album from Crawlpappy and the U.S. edition of the Sheer Terror album Just Can't Hate Enough. Although the label released a pressing of a greatest hits from UK Oi! band The Business, a reissue of Rest In Pieces debut album, and EPs from The Icemen, American Standard, and Outcrowd, there was a lull in activity during the beginning of the 1990s as the local hardcore scene became more prone to violence – a fact which compounded the temporary demise of one Blackout band in particular, Killing Time. During this period Wilson established another imprint, Engine Records, which had a more indie rock sound, releasing multiple records, including the acclaimed Fast Japanese Spin Cycle EP from Guided By Voices. In 1992, Blackout! returned to punk when they chanced upon a female-fronted band, The Goops, playing at CBGB's and decided to release their records. The Goops toured with Rancid and after an appearance in the soundtrack to the Kevin Smith film Mallrats, signed to Kinetic Records, a part of Reprise/Warner Brothers in 1995. During the same time, Sheer Terror signed to MCA Inc.. The label also achieved its biggest independent success with the release of the debut album from H2O in 1996. The band subsequently signed to Epitaph Records. From around 1995 onwards, there was a general explosion of a new wave of hardcore punk – not only on the east coast of America, but also the opposite coast, where Californian labels Indecision Records and Nitro Records started releasing product. Along with Blackout! and Victory Records, they were the main independent punk record labels well into the new millennium. The label ended the 1990s with records from Killing Time, Kill Your Idols, and East Bay/ Berkeley bands Redemption 87 and Powerhouse. The early part of the 2000s brought some new blood, including Crime In Stereo, NJ's The Banner, The Procedure, and The Commercials. The last official Blackout! release was The Fire Still Burns in 2005. Although no longer releasing new music, the label still maintains a blog at its website which is infrequently updated and has the catalog available digitally on Amazon, iTunes, eMusic, Rhapsody, and other major digital outlets through The Orchard. In 2016 the label announced "The Bulldog Box", a five LP box set of Sheer Terror LP's, demos, and unheard early recordings. File:Blackout logo.png.comment It was formed in 1988 by Bill Wilson – now forever known as "Bill Blackout" – and, together with friend Jim Gibson, the label released its first record – a New York hardcore compilation album entitled Where the Wild Things Are, in 1989. The record included tracks from some of NYC's most popular bands of the day. In 2016 the label announced "The Bulldog Box", a five LP box set of Sheer Terror LP's, demos, and unheard early recordings. File:Blackout logo.png.
7/52	==DB== Blackout (Connie Willis novel).
8/52	==DB== Blackout gag.A blackout gag is a term mainly used in broad, rapid-fire, slapstick comedy to describe a manner in which a gag or joke is executed. The term is derived from burlesque and vaudeville, when the lights were quickly turned off after the punchline of a joke to accentuate it and/or allow for audience laughter. It may use a shock value to define the joke, and may not be initially noticeable to all viewers if it is a very fast joke. This should not be confused with an iris shot, frequently used in the silent film era, where a black circle closes to end a scene. The term "blackout gag" can also apply to fast paced TV or film comedy, such as Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In, where there may not literally be a blackout, but a quick cut to the next gag..comment A blackout gag is a term mainly used in broad, rapid-fire, slapstick comedy to describe a manner in which a gag or joke is executed. The term is derived from burlesque and vaudeville, when the lights were quickly turned off after the punchline of a joke to accentuate it and/or allow for audience laughter. It may use a shock value to define the joke, and may not be initially noticeable to all viewers if it is a very fast joke. This should not be confused with an iris shot, frequently used in the silent film era, where a black circle closes to end a scene..
9/52	==DB== Blackout.pages 672.isbn 316081078.oclc 760978103.mediaType Print , Ebook.releaseDate 2012-06-01.Blackout (Grant novel).Blackout is the third book in the Newsflesh series of science fiction/horror novels set after a zombie apocalypse, written by Seanan McGuire under the pen name Mira Grant, and published by Orbit Books. It was published June 1, 2012 and preceded by Feed (2010) and Deadline (2011)..comment Blackout is the third book in the Newsflesh series of science fiction/horror novels set after a zombie apocalypse, written by Seanan McGuire under the pen name Mira Grant, and published by Orbit Books. It was published June 1, 2012 and preceded by Feed (2010) and Deadline (2011)..
10/52	==DB== runtime 3600.0.showName Blackout.numEpisodes 3.executiveProducer Nicola Shindler.executiveProducer Christopher Aird.firstAired 2012-07-02.lastAired 2012-07-16.numSeries 1.Blackout (TV series).Blackout is a 2012 three-part British television drama series produced by Red Production Company. A corrupt council official wakes from an alcoholic blackout to realise that he may have been responsible for a murder. He soon begins a dramatic quest for redemption. The series is directed by Tom Green and written by Bill Gallagher..comment Blackout is a 2012 three-part British television drama series produced by Red Production Company. A corrupt council official wakes from an alcoholic blackout to realise that he may have been responsible for a murder. He soon begins a dramatic quest for redemption. The series is directed by Tom Green and written by Bill Gallagher..
11/52	==DB== Media blackout.Media blackout refers to the censorship of news related to a certain topic, particularly in mass media, for any reason. A media blackout may be voluntary, or may in some countries be enforced by the government or state. The latter case is controversial in peacetime, as some regard it as a human rights violation and repression of free speech. Press blackout is a similar phrase, but refers specifically to printed media. Media blackouts are used, in particular, in times of declared war, to keep useful intelligence from the enemy. In some cases formal censorship is used, in others the news media are usually keen to support their country voluntarily as in the UK D- (later DA-)Notice system in the Second World War..comment Media blackout refers to the censorship of news related to a certain topic, particularly in mass media, for any reason. A media blackout may be voluntary, or may in some countries be enforced by the government or state. The latter case is controversial in peacetime, as some regard it as a human rights violation and repression of free speech. Press blackout is a similar phrase, but refers specifically to printed media..
12/52	==DB== The Blackout! The Blackout! The Blackout!.length 1243.0.released 2006-10-23.lastAlbum Pull No Punches.nextAlbum We Are the Dynamite.The Blackout! The Blackout! The Blackout!.The Blackout! The Blackout! The Blackout! is the debut EP by post-hardcore band The Blackout. The mini-album (which is often mistaken for an EP) was recorded and produced at Long Wave Recording Studio by Romesh Dodangoda in 2006. It contains the band's debut single, "Hard Slammin'". Songs from this album are still a part of their live show..comment The Blackout! The Blackout! The Blackout! is the debut EP by post-hardcore band The Blackout. The mini-album (which is often mistaken for an EP) was recorded and produced at Long Wave Recording Studio by Romesh Dodangoda in 2006. It contains the band's debut single, "Hard Slammin'". Songs from this album are still a part of their live show..
13/52	==DB== Blackout.producer David Bowie, Tony Visconti.length 230.0.released 1977-10-14.recorded July–August 1977.prev "Sons of the Silent Age".next "V-2 Schneider".trackNo 5.Blackout (David Bowie song)."Blackout" is a song written and recorded by David Bowie in 1977 for the album "Heroes". Author Nicholas Pegg described the track as "typical of the darkly exhilarating sonic schizophrenia of the "Heroes" album”, while biographer David Buckley remarked on "a backing verging on industrial". Regarding its lyrics and subject matter, Bowie himself has claimed that "Blackout did indeed refer to power cuts". However NME's Roy Carr and Charles Shaar Murray considered it to have "overtones of Bowie's personal blackout in Berlin (where he collapsed and was rushed to hospital)", noting the line "Get me to the doctor’s" and an atmosphere of "disorientation, fragmentation, panic". Nicholas Pegg surmised that, by the same token, the line "Someone's back in town, the chips are down" may have referred to his wife Angie, who had just arrived in Berlin around the same time..comment "Blackout" is a song written and recorded by David Bowie in 1977 for the album "Heroes". Author Nicholas Pegg described the track as "typical of the darkly exhilarating sonic schizophrenia of the "Heroes" album”, while biographer David Buckley remarked on "a backing verging on industrial"..
14/52	==DB== Blackout.runtime 5520.0.Blackout (2010 film).Blackout (German: 380.000 Volt – Der große Stromausfall) is a German film directed by Sebastian Vigg. It was released in 2010..comment Blackout (German: 380.000 Volt – Der große Stromausfall) is a German film directed by Sebastian Vigg. It was released in 2010..
15/52	==DB== Blackouts.length 2821.0.lastAlbum New Age of Earth.nextAlbum Correlations.recorded September 1977, Berlin, Germany.Blackouts (Ashra album).Blackouts is a solo album by German musician Manuel Göttsching, released in 1978. It was originally released as an Ashra album, but the 2012 reissue of the album is credited solely to Göttsching. The album was written and performed entirely by Göttsching on electric guitar, keyboards..comment Blackouts is a solo album by German musician Manuel Göttsching, released in 1978. It was originally released as an Ashra album, but the 2012 reissue of the album is credited solely to Göttsching. The album was written and performed entirely by Göttsching on electric guitar, keyboards..
16/52	==DB== The Blackout (professional wrestling).The Blackout (also written BLKOUT) were a professional wrestling stable appearing in Combat Zone Wrestling, Pro Wrestling Unplugged, and other independent companies. Though the current members in CZW are Ruckus, Alex Colon, Rich Swann, Robbie Mireno, and Chrissy Rivera, the team also competes in companies with other members, such as Joker and Eddie Kingston..comment The Blackout (also written BLKOUT) were a professional wrestling stable appearing in Combat Zone Wrestling, Pro Wrestling Unplugged, and other independent companies. Though the current members in CZW are Ruckus, Alex Colon, Rich Swann, Robbie Mireno, and Chrissy Rivera, the team also competes in companies with other members, such as Joker and Eddie Kingston..
17/52	==DB== The Blackout.runtime 4800.0.The Blackout (2009 film).The Blackout is a 2009 science fiction horror film directed by Robert David Sanders. The film revolves around the occupants of The Ravenwood as they try to escape the building during a city-wide blackout, all the while being stalked by terrifying creatures..comment The Blackout is a 2009 science fiction horror film directed by Robert David Sanders. The film revolves around the occupants of The Ravenwood as they try to escape the building during a city-wide blackout, all the while being stalked by terrifying creatures..
18/52	==DB== Blackout (broadcasting).In broadcasting, the term blackout refers to the non-airing of television or radio programming in a certain media market. It is particularly prevalent in the broadcasting of sports events, although other television or radio programs may be blacked out as well. Most blackout policies serve to protect local broadcasters (primarily regional sports networks) from competition by "out-of-market" networks that carry different teams, by only allowing viewers to watch non-national telecasts of teams within their designated markets (with television providers blacking out regional telecasts of teams that are outside of their market; in turn, encouraging viewers to purchase subscription-based out-of-market sports packages), and by allowing teams to black out national telecasts of games that are also being shown by a local broadcaster. By contrast, the blackout policies of the National Football League serve to encourage attendance to games instead—by only allowing them to be broadcast on television in a team's designated market if a certain percentage of their tickets are sold prior to the game..comment In broadcasting, the term blackout refers to the non-airing of television or radio programming in a certain media market. It is particularly prevalent in the broadcasting of sports events, although other television or radio programs may be blacked out as well. Most blackout policies serve to protect local broadcasters (primarily regional sports networks) from competition by "out-of-market" networks that carry different teams, by only allowing viewers to watch non-national telecasts of teams within their designated markets (with television providers blacking out regional telecasts of teams that are outside of their market; in turn, encouraging viewers to purchase subscription-based out-of-market sports packages), and by allowing teams to black out national telecasts of games that are also b.
19/52	==DB== Blackout (Transformers).Blackout is the name of six fictional characters from the Transformers series..comment Blackout is the name of six fictional characters from the Transformers series..
20/52	==DB== Blackout.length 279.0.released 2010-09-08.Blackout (Linkin Park song)."Blackout" is a promotional single by American rock band Linkin Park. It is the ninth track from their 2010 album, A Thousand Suns. The song was written by the band and produced by co-lead vocalist Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin. Despite the lack of metal elements, the song does contain significant amounts of screaming (the choruses comprise solely of it), making for one of the more coarse-sounding songs on A Thousand Suns..comment "Blackout" is a promotional single by American rock band Linkin Park. It is the ninth track from their 2010 album, A Thousand Suns. The song was written by the band and produced by co-lead vocalist Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin. Despite the lack of metal elements, the song does contain significant amounts of screaming (the choruses comprise solely of it), making for one of the more coarse-sounding songs on A Thousand Suns..
21/52	==DB== Blackout.producer Ian Kirkpatrick.length 3.28.released 2011-06-14.lastSingle "Down".Blackout (Breathe Carolina song)."Blackout" is a song by American electronic rock duo Breathe Carolina. It is the lead single from their third studio album Hell Is What You Make It. It was written by David Schmitt, Kyle Even, Eric Armenta, Joshua Aragon, and Luis Bonet, whilst production was handled by Ian Kirkpatrick. Recorded between late 2010 and early 2011, it was one of the first tracks recorded for the album. On December 22, 2010, a snippet of the song was previewed in a YouTube video by Fearless Records. It premiered via MTV Buzzworthy on June 13, 2011, while it was available for digital download the following day. The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, with some commending its catchiness. The song has since become the duo's most successful single to date, peaking within the charts of Canada, New Zealand, Scotland, the United Kingdom and United States. It was also certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), selling more than 1 million copies. A music video directed by MOTIONarmy premiered via Vevo on September 20, 2011. A remix EP titled Blackout: The Remixes EP was also released on September 27, 2011, featuring remixes done by Big Chocolate, Wideboys, Tommy Noble and Tek-One. The song has since been performed on Jimmy Kimmel Live! as well as The Daily Habit..comment "Blackout" is a song by American electronic rock duo Breathe Carolina. It is the lead single from their third studio album Hell Is What You Make It. It was written by David Schmitt, Kyle Even, Eric Armenta, Joshua Aragon, and Luis Bonet, whilst production was handled by Ian Kirkpatrick. Recorded between late 2010 and early 2011, it was one of the first tracks recorded for the album. On December 22, 2010, a snippet of the song was previewed in a YouTube video by Fearless Records. It premiered via MTV Buzzworthy on June 13, 2011, while it was available for digital download the following day..
22/52	==DB== The Blackout.runtime 5880.0.gross 110.0.The Blackout (1997 film).The Blackout is a 1997 American drama film directed by Abel Ferrara. It was screened out of competition at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival..comment The Blackout is a 1997 American drama film directed by Abel Ferrara. It was screened out of competition at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival..
23/52	==DB== Blackout (fabric).Blackout refers to a foam-backed, opaque fabric used to black out light. Blackout fabrics are most commonly found in hotel rooms as curtain linings or drapery fabrics, blocking much of the light that would otherwise enter through a window when the curtains are closed. For travelers, third shift workers, and parents of babies, blackout is an essential element in the bedroom. Besides window coverings, other uses for blackout fabrics include wallpaper, movie projector screens and planetarium domes..comment Blackout refers to a foam-backed, opaque fabric used to black out light. Blackout fabrics are most commonly found in hotel rooms as curtain linings or drapery fabrics, blocking much of the light that would otherwise enter through a window when the curtains are closed. For travelers, third shift workers, and parents of babies, blackout is an essential element in the bedroom. Besides window coverings, other uses for blackout fabrics include wallpaper, movie projector screens and planetarium domes..
24/52	==DB== Blackout (M.A.S.K. episode).
25/52	==DB== Blackout (horror experience).Blackout, also known as Blackout Haunted House, is an immersive horror experience that was created by Josh Randall and Kristjan Thor in 2009. The two began collaborating on Blackout after expressing frustration that it was growing increasingly difficult to be scared. The first Blackout event was held in New York City and the business expanded to Los Angeles. Both Randall and Thor have stated that they view Blackout to be more "performance art than haunted house"..comment Blackout, also known as Blackout Haunted House, is an immersive horror experience that was created by Josh Randall and Kristjan Thor in 2009. The two began collaborating on Blackout after expressing frustration that it was growing increasingly difficult to be scared. The first Blackout event was held in New York City and the business expanded to Los Angeles. Both Randall and Thor have stated that they view Blackout to be more "performance art than haunted house"..
26/52	==DB== Blackout (drug-related amnesia).A drug-related blackout is a phenomenon caused by the intake of any substance or medication in which short term and long term memory creation is impaired, therefore causing a complete inability to recall the past. Blackouts can be caused by any substance, but are most frequently associated with GABAergic drugs. Blackouts are frequently described as having effects similar to that of anterograde amnesia, in which the subject cannot recall any events after the event that caused amnesia. Research on alcohol blackouts was begun by E. M. Jellinek in the 1940s. Using data from a survey of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) members, he came to believe that blackouts would be a good determinant of alcoholism. However, there are conflicting views whether this is true. The negative psychological effects of an alcohol-related blackout are often worsened by those who suffer from anxiety disorders. Impairment of the liver will also allow more alcohol to reach the brain and hasten the individual's blackout. The term "blackout" can also refer to a complete loss of consciousness, or syncope.Diabetes cause it sometimes also..comment A drug-related blackout is a phenomenon caused by the intake of any substance or medication in which short term and long term memory creation is impaired, therefore causing a complete inability to recall the past. Blackouts can be caused by any substance, but are most frequently associated with GABAergic drugs. Blackouts are frequently described as having effects similar to that of anterograde amnesia, in which the subject cannot recall any events after the event that caused amnesia. Research on alcohol blackouts was begun by E. M. Jellinek in the 1940s. Using data from a survey of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) members, he came to believe that blackouts would be a good determinant of alcoholism. However, there are conflicting views whether this is true. The negative psychological effects of an.
27/52	==DB== Blackout.writer Erik Gustavson.writer Eirik Ildahl.runtime 5220.0.language Norwegian.starring Juni Dahr.Blackout (1986 film).Blackout is a 1986 Norwegian Film noir directed by Erik Gustavson, starring Henrik Scheele and Juni Dahr. The film follows the private investigator Werner (Scheele) as he deals with a beautiful but dangerous woman, a brutal chief of police and a gangster boss..comment Blackout is a 1986 Norwegian Film noir directed by Erik Gustavson, starring Henrik Scheele and Juni Dahr. The film follows the private investigator Werner (Scheele) as he deals with a beautiful but dangerous woman, a brutal chief of police and a gangster boss..
28/52	==DB== The Blackout Experiments.runtime 4800.0.The Blackout Experiments.The Blackout Experiments is a 2016 horror documentary film that examines the immersive horror experience Blackout. The documentary is directed by Rich Fox and had its world premiere at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival..comment The Blackout Experiments is a 2016 horror documentary film that examines the immersive horror experience Blackout. The documentary is directed by Rich Fox and had its world premiere at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival..
29/52	==DB== The Blackouts.yearsActive 1979.background group_or_band.pastMembers Erich Werner.pastMembers Mike Davidson.pastMembers Roland Barker.The Blackouts.The Blackouts were a punk rock band formed in Seattle in 1979 by singer/guitarist Erich Werner, bassist Mike Davidson, and drummer William Rieflin, who were all former members of a local punk band, The Telepaths. They were joined by Roland Barker, first on synthesizer and later on saxophone. Following a single and EP on small local labels, Davidson was replaced by Roland's brother Paul Barker in 1981. This line-up recorded the "Exchange of Goods" single for English label Situation Two, and relocated to Boston in 1982. There they met Al Jourgensen of Ministry, who produced their last recording, the Lost Soul's Club EP for Wax Trax! Records. The band next relocated their second time to San Francisco in 1984, and toured the East Coast with Ministry that year before breaking up. Jourgensen recruited Paul and Roland Barker and Rieflin to the line-up of Ministry, playing a major part in the transformation of Ministry from a synth-driven dance band to one of the top exponents of industrial metal. This started a long collaboration between Paul Barker and Jourgensen in Ministry, Revolting Cocks, Lard, and other projects. Rieflin released a solo album in 1999, Birth of a Giant, worked with KMFDM, Pigface, Ruby, Peter Murphy, and Nine Inch Nails, and was the studio and touring drummer for R.E.M.. Erich Werner went on to join the Toiling Midgets. In 2004, Olympia's K Records released History in Reverse, compiling the band's studio recordings..comment The Blackouts were a punk rock band formed in Seattle in 1979 by singer/guitarist Erich Werner, bassist Mike Davidson, and drummer William Rieflin, who were all former members of a local punk band, The Telepaths. They were joined by Roland Barker, first on synthesizer and later on saxophone. In 2004, Olympia's K Records released History in Reverse, compiling the band's studio recordings..
30/52	==DB== Blackout convention.Blackout is a bridge convention for responding to a reverse bid after a one-over-one beginning, whereby the responder can show whether or not he has better than a minimum response. Responder makes the cheapest bid from either the fourth suit or 2NT to show a hand that has no game interest. All other bids show reasonable hands, generally in the eight point range and are game-forcing. The objective of Blackout is to allow the constructive game-going hands to keep the bidding level low and give more room for the strong auctions that may lead to slams. The convention is also known as Wolff Over Reverses. Responder then rebids as follows:  *  A rebid of his own suit shows five or more cards in the suit and is forcing for one round, but does not promise any extra strength.  *  The cheapest bid of the fourth suit is forcing and 2NT shows exactly four cards in his own suit and a minimum hand for his 1-over-1.  *  The non-cheapest bid of the fourth suit is forcing and 2NT shows exactly four cards in his own suit, forcing to game but not suitable for any higher bid.  *  A preference back to the opening suit or raising the reverse-suit are both natural, game-forcing with mild slam-try or better..comment Blackout is a bridge convention for responding to a reverse bid after a one-over-one beginning, whereby the responder can show whether or not he has better than a minimum response. Responder makes the cheapest bid from either the fourth suit or 2NT to show a hand that has no game interest. All other bids show reasonable hands, generally in the eight point range and are game-forcing. The objective of Blackout is to allow the constructive game-going hands to keep the bidding level low and give more room for the strong auctions that may lead to slams. The convention is also known as Wolff Over Reverses..
31/52	==DB== Blackout.writer Knox Brown.Levels.length 226.0.released 2013-05-12.artist Wretch 32 featuring Shakka.lastSingle "Off With Their Heads".nextSingle "Doing OK".Blackout (Wretch 32 song)."Blackout" is a song by British rapper Wretch 32, featuring vocals from British recording artist Shakka. It was released on 12 May 2013. The song was produced by Knox Brown. The song was written by Jermaine Scott, Shakka Philip and Brown. Choreography and Movement Direction by Josh Kinsella..comment "Blackout" is a song by British rapper Wretch 32, featuring vocals from British recording artist Shakka. It was released on 12 May 2013. The song was produced by Knox Brown. The song was written by Jermaine Scott, Shakka Philip and Brown. Choreography and Movement Direction by Josh Kinsella..
32/52	==DB== Blackout (wartime).A blackout during war, or in preparation for an expected war, is the practice of collectively minimizing outdoor light, including upwardly directed (or reflected) light. This was done in the 20th century to prevent crews of enemy aircraft from being able to identify their targets by sight, for example during the London Blitz of 1940. In coastal regions a shore-side blackout of city lights also helped protect ships from being seen in silhouette against the shore by enemy submarines farther out at sea. In actual warfare, according to M. R. D. Foot, blackouts do not impair navigation by bombers because navigators focused more on reflected bodies of water, railroad tracks, or large highways. The chief purpose is to mobilize the entire civilian population, and provide a test to make sure they are obeying the rules..comment A blackout during war, or in preparation for an expected war, is the practice of collectively minimizing outdoor light, including upwardly directed (or reflected) light. This was done in the 20th century to prevent crews of enemy aircraft from being able to identify their targets by sight, for example during the London Blitz of 1940. In coastal regions a shore-side blackout of city lights also helped protect ships from being seen in silhouette against the shore by enemy submarines farther out at sea..
33/52	==DB== Blackout.producer Machine, Steve Thompson, Mike Bradford.length 2986.0.released 2003-03-18.lastAlbum Broke.nextAlbum Only in Amerika.recorded 2002.Blackout (Hed PE album).Blackout is the third studio album by American punk rock band Hed PE. Released on March 18, 2003, Blackout peaked at #33 on the Billboard 200, selling 28,000 copies in its first week, while its title track peaked at #21 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and at #32 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. A second single, "Other Side", peaked at #40 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The album also peaked at #102 in the United Kingdom, The album sold over 100,000 copies..comment Blackout is the third studio album by American punk rock band Hed PE. Released on March 18, 2003, Blackout peaked at #33 on the Billboard 200, selling 28,000 copies in its first week, while its title track peaked at #21 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and at #32 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. A second single, "Other Side", peaked at #40 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The album also peaked at #102 in the United Kingdom, The album sold over 100,000 copies..
34/52	==DB== Blackout.writer Jerry LaMothe.runtime 5700.0.Blackout (2007 film).Blackout is a 2007 American television film that takes place in New York City during the Northeast Blackout of 2003. Written and directed by Jerry LaMothe, it stars Jeffrey Wright, Zoe Saldana, Prodigy, Michael B. Jordan, and LaTanya Richardson. The film premiered at the 2007 Zurich Film Festival. It debuted on BET on February 1, 2008. It was released to DVD on February 4, 2008..comment Blackout is a 2007 American television film that takes place in New York City during the Northeast Blackout of 2003. Written and directed by Jerry LaMothe, it stars Jeffrey Wright, Zoe Saldana, Prodigy, Michael B. Jordan, and LaTanya Richardson. The film premiered at the 2007 Zurich Film Festival. It debuted on BET on February 1, 2008. It was released to DVD on February 4, 2008..
35/52	==DB== Blackout.length 2204.0.released 1982-03-29.lastAlbum Animal Magnetism.nextAlbum Love at First Sting.Blackout (Scorpions album).Blackout is the eighth studio album by the German rock band Scorpions, released in 1982 on EMI Germany Records and Mercury Records. After losing his voice during the writing of the album, lead vocalist Klaus Meine had to undergo surgery on his vocal cords and it was uncertain whether he would be able to record it. Demos of the material were recorded with Don Dokken as vocalist; however none of those recordings are featured on the album. Rudolf Schenker could not choose between his guitar solos on "China White", so the US and European releases differed in this small detail. A self-portrait of artist Gottfried Helnwein is featured on the cover of the album. Rudolf Schenker portrays this character in the "No One Like You" music video. Shirts with this album artwork on them are amongst the most popular Scorpions T-shirts. The RIAA certified Blackout Gold on June 24, 1982 and Platinum on March 8, 1984..comment Blackout is the eighth studio album by the German rock band Scorpions, released in 1982 on EMI Germany Records and Mercury Records. After losing his voice during the writing of the album, lead vocalist Klaus Meine had to undergo surgery on his vocal cords and it was uncertain whether he would be able to record it. Demos of the material were recorded with Don Dokken as vocalist; however none of those recordings are featured on the album. Rudolf Schenker could not choose between his guitar solos on "China White", so the US and European releases differed in this small detail..
36/52	==DB== Blackout.producer Doug Adams.producer Herman Grigsby.writer Joseph Stefano.writer Laura Ferguson.starring Carol Lynley.Blackout (1988 film).Blackout is a 1988 American thriller film written and directed by Doug Adams and starring Gail O'Grady and Carol Lynley..comment Blackout is a 1988 American thriller film written and directed by Doug Adams and starring Gail O'Grady and Carol Lynley..
37/52	==DB== Communications blackout.In telecommunications, communications blackouts are  *  a cessation of communications or communications capability, caused by a lack of power to a communications facility or to communications equipment.  *  a total lack of radio communications capability, caused by ionospheric anomalies, e.g., during strong auroral activity or during re-entry of a spacecraft into the Earth's atmosphere..comment In telecommunications, communications blackouts are  *  a cessation of communications or communications capability, caused by a lack of power to a communications facility or to communications equipment.  *  a total lack of radio communications capability, caused by ionospheric anomalies, e.g., during strong auroral activity or during re-entry of a spacecraft into the Earth's atmosphere..
38/52	==DB== Blackout.lastAlbum Interface.Blackout (Dominion album).Blackout is the second album by the British band Dominion..comment Blackout is the second album by the British band Dominion..
39/52	==SS== To censor or cover up by writing over with black ink.
40/52	==DB== Blackout.length 2802.0.released 2003-06-10.lastAlbum Live on St. Patrick's Day from Boston, MA.nextAlbum Fat City Presents...One For the Ages!.Blackout (Dropkick Murphys album).Blackout is the fourth studio album by Dropkick Murphys, released in 2003. The album was released with a DVD, which contained live videos for "Rocky Road to Dublin" and "Boys on the Docks", a music video for "Gonna Be a Blackout Tonight", and a trailer for their then upcoming untitled full-length DVD, which became On the Road With the Dropkick Murphys and was released the following year in March 2004. The album was also released in a condensed format on 10" vinyl. It had five songs from the album as well as a cover of AC/DC's "It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock 'n' Roll)" which was later released on Singles Collection, Volume 2. A music video for "Walk Away", the album's first official single, was also released. The song went on to become a minor radio hit and received some minor airplay on MTV..comment Blackout is the fourth studio album by Dropkick Murphys, released in 2003. The album was released with a DVD, which contained live videos for "Rocky Road to Dublin" and "Boys on the Docks", a music video for "Gonna Be a Blackout Tonight", and a trailer for their then upcoming untitled full-length DVD, which became On the Road With the Dropkick Murphys and was released the following year in March 2004. The album was also released in a condensed format on 10" vinyl. It had five songs from the album as well as a cover of AC/DC's "It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock 'n' Roll)" which was later released on Singles Collection, Volume 2. A music video for "Walk Away", the album's first official single, was also released. The song went on to become a minor radio hit and received some mino.
41/52	==DB== Blackout.runtime 5100.0.gross 296411.0.Blackout (2008 American film).Blackout is a 2008 horror film based on the eponymous novel by Italian novelist Gianluca Morozzi, and directed by Rigoberto Castañeda. Blackout revolves around three people, one of whom is a serial killer, who are trapped in an elevator after a power blackout..comment Blackout is a 2008 horror film based on the eponymous novel by Italian novelist Gianluca Morozzi, and directed by Rigoberto Castañeda. Blackout revolves around three people, one of whom is a serial killer, who are trapped in an elevator after a power blackout..
42/52	==DB== writer Joel Hecht.writer Jon Field.writer Meredith Kornfeld.runtime 1560.0.location Hollywood, California.showName Blackout.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 65.company Jay Wolpert Productions.lastAired 1988-04-01.Blackout (game show).Blackout is an American game show that was broadcast on CBS as part of its daytime schedule from January 4, 1988 until April 1, 1988. The program was created and produced by Jay Wolpert. Bob Goen served as the host for Blackout. The show's original announcer was Johnny Gilbert, with Jay Stewart announcing for the last two weeks. This was Stewart's final announcing job before his 1989 death..comment Blackout is an American game show that was broadcast on CBS as part of its daytime schedule from January 4, 1988 until April 1, 1988. The program was created and produced by Jay Wolpert. Bob Goen served as the host for Blackout. The show's original announcer was Johnny Gilbert, with Jay Stewart announcing for the last two weeks. This was Stewart's final announcing job before his 1989 death..
43/52	==DB== The Blackout.yearsActive 2003.background group_or_band.origin Merthyr Tydfil, Wales.The Blackout (band).The Blackout were a post-hardcore band from Merthyr Tydfil, Wales, formed in 2003. After some time backing Lostprophets on their Liberation Transmission Tour, along with Dopamine, Covergirl, Kids in Glass Houses, The Guns and Men, Women & Children, they released their EP The Blackout! The Blackout! The Blackout!. In October 2007 the band released their debut album, We Are the Dynamite. Their second record, The Best in Town was released on 25 May 2009 in Europe and 23 June 2009 in the US, both via Epitaph Records. The band's third album - titled Hope, was released on 4 April 2011, and charted at number 27 in the UK album chart. Their fourth studio album, titled Start the Party, was released on 21 January 2013. The Blackout's final release was a five track EP entitled Wolves, with their farewell tour held in early 2015, finishing in their hometown of Merthyr Tydfil on Saturday 28 March 2015..comment The Blackout were a post-hardcore band from Merthyr Tydfil, Wales, formed in 2003. After some time backing Lostprophets on their Liberation Transmission Tour, along with Dopamine, Covergirl, Kids in Glass Houses, The Guns and Men, Women & Children, they released their EP The Blackout! The Blackout! The Blackout!. In October 2007 the band released their debut album, We Are the Dynamite. Their second record, The Best in Town was released on 25 May 2009 in Europe and 23 June 2009 in the US, both via Epitaph Records. The band's third album - titled Hope, was released on 4 April 2011, and charted at number 27 in the UK album chart. Their fourth studio album, titled Start the Party, was released on 21 January 2013. The Blackout's final release was a five track EP entitled Wolves, with their fare.
44/52	==DB== 300 AAC Blackout (7.62×35mm).
45/52	==DB== characterName Blackout.creators Javier Saltares.Blackout (comics).Blackout is the name of two fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics..comment Blackout is the name of two fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics..
46/52	==DB== Blackout Day.Blackout Day is a social media event which encourages the posting of content that was created by and features everyday black people. Specific tags e.g. #TheBlackout and #BlackoutDay are used to connect users to that content and to increase visibility of that content. Blackout Day launched on March 6, 2015 and after an event on December 21, 2015 will be held on the sixth day of every third month, starting with March 6, 2016..comment Blackout Day is a social media event which encourages the posting of content that was created by and features everyday black people. Specific tags e.g. #TheBlackout and #BlackoutDay are used to connect users to that content and to increase visibility of that content. Blackout Day launched on March 6, 2015 and after an event on December 21, 2015 will be held on the sixth day of every third month, starting with March 6, 2016..
47/52	==DB== Blackout: Tomorrow Will Be Too Late.author Marc Elsberg.publisher Black Swan.pages 350.isbn 978.titleOrig Blackout – Morgen ist es zu spät.Blackout (Elsberg novel).Blackout - Tomorrow Will Be Too Late is a disaster thriller book by the Austrian author Marc Elsberg. Published in German in 2012, it has been translated in fifteen languages and sold a million copies worldwide. The English version will be published in February 2017. To be realistic, the book is written on the basis of interviews with intelligence and computer security officials..comment Blackout - Tomorrow Will Be Too Late is a disaster thriller book by the Austrian author Marc Elsberg. Published in German in 2012, it has been translated in fifteen languages and sold a million copies worldwide. The English version will be published in February 2017. To be realistic, the book is written on the basis of interviews with intelligence and computer security officials..
48/52	==DB== Blackout!.
49/52	==DB== Blackout.released 2010-09-09.lastAlbum The Winter Album.nextAlbum The Swingin' Sixties.Blackout (The Brilliant Green album).Blackout is an album released by The Brilliant Green on September 9, 2010. The album is the band's fifth studio album and their first studio album released under Warner Music Japan. It peaked at #16 on the Oricon weekly albums chart..comment Blackout is an album released by The Brilliant Green on September 9, 2010. The album is the band's fifth studio album and their first studio album released under Warner Music Japan. It peaked at #16 on the Oricon weekly albums chart..
50/52	==DB== Blackout.runtime 4680.0.Blackout (1950 film).Blackout is a 1950 English crime  drama film directed by Robert S. Baker. The film featured Maxwell Reed, Dinah Sheridan, Patric Doonan, Kynaston Reeves, Annette D. Simmonds, Eric Pohlmann, Michael Evans and Michael Brennan in the lead roles. The film depicts the story of an engineer (Maxwell Reed) who is able to find out the murderers involved in a murder mystery with the help of Patricia Dale (Dinah Sheridan). The film was the first featured appearance of Ronald Leigh-Hunt..comment Blackout is a 1950 English crime  drama film directed by Robert S. Baker. The film featured Maxwell Reed, Dinah Sheridan, Patric Doonan, Kynaston Reeves, Annette D. Simmonds, Eric Pohlmann, Michael Evans and Michael Brennan in the lead roles. The film depicts the story of an engineer (Maxwell Reed) who is able to find out the murderers involved in a murder mystery with the help of Patricia Dale (Dinah Sheridan). The film was the first featured appearance of Ronald Leigh-Hunt..
51/52	==DB== Blackout.filename Britney Spears - Freakshow.ogg.filename Piece of Me audio sample by Britney Spears.ogg.title "Freakshow".title "Piece of Me".description A sample of the bridge of "Freakshow". The track is built around the 'wobbler' effect of dubstep, and her vocals are pitched down low, making her sound masculine..description "Piece of Me" runs through a down-tempo dance beat and consists of over-the-top vocal distortions, causing a split sound effect. It talks about fame and is written like a biography retelling Spears' mishaps, while she sings in a nearly spoken manner..released 2007-10-25.lastAlbum B in the Mix: The Remixes.nextAlbum Circus.Blackout (Britney Spears album).Blackout is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was released on October 25, 2007, by JIVE Records and the Zomba Label Group. Opting to re-establish her music career after her fourth studio album, In the Zone (2003), she began planning the project in 2006. Work continued into 2007, during which time Spears' much-publicized personal struggles, including several instances of erratic behavior and her divorce from Kevin Federline, overshadowed her professional endeavors. Blackout represents a musical departure from Spears' earlier work, featuring a foreboding and atmospheric tone in terms of musical and lyrical direction. She collaborated with producers including Danja, Bloodshy & Avant, Sean Garrett, and The Neptunes in several recording studios around the United States, including Spears' home in Los Angeles, with the intention of creating uptempo, high-energy music. Their efforts resulted in a primarily electro, dance, pop, and R&B record, which sees additional influences from euro disco, dubstep, and funk. The lyrical themes revolve around love, fame, media scrutiny, sex, and clubbing. Upon its release, Blackout received mixed to positive reviews from music critics, who complimented it as Spears' most progressive and consistent album. The Times named it as the fifth best pop album of the decade. Blackout was originally scheduled to be released on November 13 in the United States, though it was ultimately rush-released after several unauthorized internet leaks. It was expected to debut at number one on the US Billboard 200, but debuted at number two with first-week sales of 290,000 copies after a last-minute rule change. Consequently, Blackout is distinguished as Spears' first studio album not to debut in the number-one position in the United States, although it was later certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for exceeding one million shipments. The record charted in the top-ten of several national charts internationally, and has attained several certifications worldwide. By the end of 2008, Blackout had sold 3.1 million copies worldwide. Three singles were released from Blackout. Its lead single "Gimme More" peaked at number three on the US Billboard Hot 100. Follow-up singles "Piece of Me" and "Break the Ice" respectively peaked at numbers 18 and 43 in the United States. Unlike her previous records, Spears did not heavily promote Blackout; her only televised appearance for Blackout was a universally panned performance of "Gimme More" at the 2007 MTV Video Music Awards. In 2012, the album was added to the library and archives of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame..comment Blackout is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was released on October 25, 2007, by JIVE Records and the Zomba Label Group. Opting to re-establish her music career after her fourth studio album, In the Zone (2003), she began planning the project in 2006. Work continued into 2007, during which time Spears' much-publicized personal struggles, including several instances of erratic behavior and her divorce from Kevin Federline, overshadowed her professional endeavors..
52/52	==DB== The Blackout.producer Matt Hish.producer Autumn Federici.runtime 5400.0.starring Autumn Federici.starring Scott Rosa.The Blackout (2013 film).The Blackout is an independent film directed by Matt Hish. The film premiered at the Laemmle Theatre in North Hollywood on August 26, 2013. The film stars Michael Graziadei, Scott Rosa, Flood Reed and Autumn Federici..comment The Blackout is an independent film directed by Matt Hish. The film premiered at the Laemmle Theatre in North Hollywood on August 26, 2013. The film stars Michael Graziadei, Scott Rosa, Flood Reed and Autumn Federici..
===111	blast off	8
1/8	==DB== 
2/8	==SS== to begin ascent under rocket power
3/8	==DB== Blast Off Tour.The Blast Off Tour 2013 was a 2013 Europe-only single-leg tour by Blondie to promote their upcoming album Ghosts of Download. It visited venues across the UK and Ireland, as well as a single stop in Moscow and appearances at four festivals in France, Belgium, the Netherlands and the Isle of Man. Several of the shows were marketed under the 'Forest Live' brand, as Blondie performed their Blast Off Tour at forests across the UK as part of an arrangement with the Forestry Commission..comment The Blast Off Tour 2013 was a 2013 Europe-only single-leg tour by Blondie to promote their upcoming album Ghosts of Download. It visited venues across the UK and Ireland, as well as a single stop in Moscow and appearances at four festivals in France, Belgium, the Netherlands and the Isle of Man. Several of the shows were marketed under the 'Forest Live' brand, as Blondie performed their Blast Off Tour at forests across the UK as part of an arrangement with the Forestry Commission..
4/8	==DB== Blast Off!.producer The Blue Hearts.length 2305.0.Blast Off! (The Blue Hearts album).Blast Off! was the second American release (the first being the self-titled 6-song EP) by the Japanese punk rock band The Blue Hearts. It was released in 1991 and only in America. Though each of the songs was recorded with the original Japanese lyrics, the CD jacket included English translations of each of the songs..comment Blast Off! was the second American release (the first being the self-titled 6-song EP) by the Japanese punk rock band The Blue Hearts. It was released in 1991 and only in America. Though each of the songs was recorded with the original Japanese lyrics, the CD jacket included English translations of each of the songs..
5/8	==DB== Blast Off (Transformers).Blast Off is the name of several fictional characters in the Transformers universes..comment Blast Off is the name of several fictional characters in the Transformers universes..
6/8	==DB== Blast Off.length 187.0.length 337.0.released 2014-06-09.artist David Guetta and Kaz James.lastSingle "Bad".nextSingle "Lovers on the Sun".Blast Off (David Guetta and Kaz James song)."Blast Off" is a song by French house music producer and disc jockey (DJ) David Guetta and Australian singer and DJ Kaz James. It was released as a digital download on 9 June 2014. The song was written by Guetta, James, Ralph Wegner, Ebow Graham, Pavan Mukhi, and Giorgio Tuinfort. It features uncredited vocals by Ebow Graham (better known as Metropolis of Foreign Beggars), with additional uncredited guitar performed by Michael Nadeau. The composition is largely based upon the original instrumentation of the song "Ain't Talkin' 'bout Love", by Van Halen. In 2014, "Blast Off" was included in Guetta's Lovers on the Sun EP. The track was also featured on the original motion picture soundtrack of the 2015 film Furious 7. It was later included in the 2015 re-release of Guetta's sixth studio album, entitled Listen Again as a bonus track..comment "Blast Off" is a song by French house music producer and disc jockey (DJ) David Guetta and Australian singer and DJ Kaz James. It was released as a digital download on 9 June 2014. The song was written by Guetta, James, Ralph Wegner, Ebow Graham, Pavan Mukhi, and Giorgio Tuinfort. It features uncredited vocals by Ebow Graham (better known as Metropolis of Foreign Beggars), with additional uncredited guitar performed by Michael Nadeau. The composition is largely based upon the original instrumentation of the song "Ain't Talkin' 'bout Love", by Van Halen. In 2014, "Blast Off" was included in Guetta's Lovers on the Sun EP. The track was also featured on the original motion picture soundtrack of the 2015 film Furious 7. It was later included in the 2015 re-release of Guetta's sixth studio albu.
7/8	==DB== Blast Off at Woomera.genre Science fiction novel.pages 187.dewey 823.91.oclc 30163717.mediaType Print.Blast Off at Woomera.Blast Off at Woomera is a young adult science fiction novel, the first in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1957, in the US by Criterion Books in 1958 under the title Blast Off at 0300 and in the Netherlands in 1960 by Prisma Juniores under the title Ruimtevaarder nummer één (Astronaut Number One) The books are now quite collectable, changing hands for sums around £50-£100 or more on book trading sites..comment Blast Off at Woomera is a young adult science fiction novel, the first in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1957, in the US by Criterion Books in 1958 under the title Blast Off at 0300 and in the Netherlands in 1960 by Prisma Juniores under the title Ruimtevaarder nummer één (Astronaut Number One) The books are now quite collectable, changing hands for sums around £50-£100 or more on book trading sites..
8/8	==DB== genre Vertical scrolling shooter.title Blast Off.cpu 1.cpu 2.Blast Off (1989 video game).Blast Off (ブラストオフ Burasuto Ofu) is a vertical scrolling shooter arcade game that was released by Namco in 1989 only in Japan; it runs on Namco System 1 hardware, and despite the drastically different gameplay, it is the sequel to Bosconian which was released eight years earlier in Japan and the United States..comment Blast Off (ブラストオフ Burasuto Ofu) is a vertical scrolling shooter arcade game that was released by Namco in 1989 only in Japan; it runs on Namco System 1 hardware, and despite the drastically different gameplay, it is the sequel to Bosconian which was released eight years earlier in Japan and the United States..
===112	blow out	13
1/13	==DB== Blowout (geomorphology).Blowouts are sandy depressions in a sand dune ecosystem (psammosere) caused by the removal of sediments by wind. Commonly found in coastal settings and arid margins, blowouts tend to form when wind erodes into patches of bare sand on stabilized vegetative dunes. Generally, blowouts don’t form on actively flowing dunes due to the fact that they need to be bound by some extent, such as plant roots. These depressions usually start on the higher parts of the stabilized dunes on the account that desiccation and disturbances are more considerable which allows for greater surface drag and sediment entrainment when sand is bare. Most of the time, exposures become quickly re-vegetative before they could become blowouts and expand; however, when the opportunities are given, wind erosion can lower the exposure surface and create a tunneling affect, which increases the wind speed. The depression may continue until it hits a non-erodible substrate or morphology limits it. The eroded substances climbs the steep slopes of the depression and become deposited on the downwind side of the blowout which can form a dune that covers vegetation and lead to a larger area of depression; a process that helps create parabolic dunes..comment Blowouts are sandy depressions in a sand dune ecosystem (psammosere) caused by the removal of sediments by wind. Commonly found in coastal settings and arid margins, blowouts tend to form when wind erodes into patches of bare sand on stabilized vegetative dunes. Generally, blowouts don’t form on actively flowing dunes due to the fact that they need to be bound by some extent, such as plant roots. These depressions usually start on the higher parts of the stabilized dunes on the account that desiccation and disturbances are more considerable which allows for greater surface drag and sediment entrainment when sand is bare. Most of the time, exposures become quickly re-vegetative before they could become blowouts and expand; however, when the opportunities are given, wind erosion can lower th.
2/13	==DB== Blowout grass.
3/13	==DB== Blowout.utcOffset -6.utcOffsetDst -5.elevationFt 1263.Blowout, Texas.Blowout is an unincorporated community in Blanco County, Texas, United States. Its post office closed in 1918..comment Blowout is an unincorporated community in Blanco County, Texas, United States. Its post office closed in 1918..
4/13	==SS== To extinguish something, especially a flame.''He '''blew out''' the match.'' 
5/13	==DB== Blow Out.writer Brian De Palma.runtime 6480.0.budget 1.8E7.gross 1.2E7.Blow Out.Blow Out is a 1981 American thriller film written and directed by Brian De Palma. The film stars John Travolta as Jack Terry, a movie sound effects technician from Philadelphia who, while recording sounds for a low-budget slasher film, serendipitously captures audio evidence of an assassination involving a presidential hopeful. Nancy Allen stars as Sally Bedina, a young woman involved in the crime. The supporting cast includes John Lithgow and Dennis Franz. The film's tagline in advertisements was, "Murder has a sound all of its own". The film is directly based on Michelangelo Antonioni's 1966 film Blow Up, replacing the medium of photography with the medium of audio recording. The concept of Blow Out came to De Palma while he was working on the thriller Dressed to Kill (1980). The film was shot in the late autumn and winter of 1980 in various Philadelphia locations on a relatively substantial budget of $18 million. Blow Out opened to minuscule audience interest in 1981; however, it received a mostly positive critical reception. The lead performances by Travolta and Allen, the direction by DePalma and the visual style were cited as the strongest points of the film. Critics also recognised the stylistic and narrative connection to the work of Alfred Hitchcock, whom DePalma admires. Over the years since its initial theatrical release, it has developed status as a cult film and received a home media release by the Criterion Collection, a company who specialise in "important classic and contemporary film", which re-ignited public interest in the film..comment Blow Out is a 1981 American thriller film written and directed by Brian De Palma. The film stars John Travolta as Jack Terry, a movie sound effects technician from Philadelphia who, while recording sounds for a low-budget slasher film, serendipitously captures audio evidence of an assassination involving a presidential hopeful. Nancy Allen stars as Sally Bedina, a young woman involved in the crime. The supporting cast includes John Lithgow and Dennis Franz. The film's tagline in advertisements was, "Murder has a sound all of its own"..
6/13	==DB== Blowout (well drilling).A blowout is the uncontrolled release of crude oil and/or natural gas from an oil well or gas well after pressure control systems have failed. Modern wells have blowout preventers intended to prevent such an occurrence. Prior to the advent of pressure control equipment in the 1920s, the uncontrolled release of oil and gas from a well while drilling was common and was known as an oil gusher, gusher or wild well. An accidental spark during a blowout can lead to a catastrophic oil or gas fire..comment A blowout is the uncontrolled release of crude oil and/or natural gas from an oil well or gas well after pressure control systems have failed. Modern wells have blowout preventers intended to prevent such an occurrence. Prior to the advent of pressure control equipment in the 1920s, the uncontrolled release of oil and gas from a well while drilling was common and was known as an oil gusher, gusher or wild well. An accidental spark during a blowout can lead to a catastrophic oil or gas fire..
7/13	==DB== Blowout (haircut).
8/13	==DB== Blowout (tire).A blowout is a rapid loss of inflation pressure of a pneumatic tire leading to an explosion. The primary cause for this is encountering an object that cuts or tears the structural components of the tire to the point where the structure is incapable of containing the pressurized air, with the escaping pressurized air adding to further tear through the tire structure. It is also fairly common for tread separations to be termed “blowouts” - even those where the inflation pressure is not compromised. Because of this confusion, the term is rarely used by experts in tire failures, where the term "impact damage" is more frequently used. Tire blowouts have been a concern since the dawn of the motoring age. First generation automotive tires suffered from frequent problems until technology developed..comment A blowout is a rapid loss of inflation pressure of a pneumatic tire leading to an explosion. The primary cause for this is encountering an object that cuts or tears the structural components of the tire to the point where the structure is incapable of containing the pressurized air, with the escaping pressurized air adding to further tear through the tire structure. Tire blowouts have been a concern since the dawn of the motoring age. First generation automotive tires suffered from frequent problems until technology developed..
9/13	==DB== Blowout (hairstyle).
10/13	==DB== Blowout (sports).(For other uses, see Blowout (disambiguation).) A blowout is an easy or one-sided victory. It occurs when one athletic team or individual performer outscores another by a large margin or in such a fashion that allows the second team or individual little chance of a victory from a point early in a competition, game, contest or event, e.g. Team A defeats Team B 75-10. The term is often used in reference to athletic competition, but it is used in other contexts such as electoral politics (see also the synonym landslide). During blowouts, sports play-by-play announcers are challenged to maintain viewing and listening audience interest and ratings. The announcers attempt to keep a stock of relevant informative discourse for such events. Blowouts are common during the first few weeks of the NCAA college football season, when schools from Bowl Championship Series (formerly Division I-A) conferences, i.e. the Big Ten or Big 12, play those from the Football Championship Subdivision, formerly Division I-AA, i.e. the MAC or The American, usually winning by dozens of points. A recent example is the Michigan Wolverines' 78-0 victory over the Rutgers Scarlet Knights on October 8, 2016..comment (For other uses, see Blowout (disambiguation).) A blowout is an easy or one-sided victory. It occurs when one athletic team or individual performer outscores another by a large margin or in such a fashion that allows the second team or individual little chance of a victory from a point early in a competition, game, contest or event, e.g. Team A defeats Team B 75-10. The term is often used in reference to athletic competition, but it is used in other contexts such as electoral politics (see also the synonym landslide)..
11/13	==DB== title BlowOut.platforms Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, GameCube, Xbox, Xbox 360, Cloud.released --10-28.BlowOut.BlowOut is a 2004 side-scrolling action video game developed by Terminal Reality and published by Majesco, released for the GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and PC. It is a run-and-gun shoot-em-up in the tradition of games such as Contra and Metal Slug, with a power-up-based exploration structure akin to Metroid. In the game, the player takes the role of John "Dutch" Cane, a space marine sent to check up on researchers on the space platform "Honour Guard" only to discover that they have been horribly mutated. On January 26, 2009, the game was released on the Xbox Live Marketplace as part of the Xbox Originals program..comment BlowOut is a 2004 side-scrolling action video game developed by Terminal Reality and published by Majesco, released for the GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and PC. It is a run-and-gun shoot-em-up in the tradition of games such as Contra and Metal Slug, with a power-up-based exploration structure akin to Metroid. In the game, the player takes the role of John "Dutch" Cane, a space marine sent to check up on researchers on the space platform "Honour Guard" only to discover that they have been horribly mutated..
12/13	==DB== Blowout (song).
13/13	==DB== Blowout fracture.
===113	break down	28
1/28	==DB== Breakdown.yearsActive 1986.background group_or_band.currentMembers Jeff Perlin.currentMembers Don Angelilli.currentMembers Carl Porcaro.currentMembers Rich McLoughlin.currentMembers Anthony Drago.Breakdown (band).Breakdown was started in 1986, during the resurgence of the hardcore scene. Despite being a NYHC band, being based in Yonkers Breakdown didn't have the Lower East Side Crew-mentality of Warzone and Agnostic Front. By a similar token, unlike some of their other contemporaries like Gorilla Biscuits and Youth Of Today, Breakdown was not a straight edge positive band. They are considered more along the lines of Sheer Terror for their more metallic sound and less-than-positive lyrics. However, Breakdown always had somewhat of a tongue-in-cheek element to them, mostly due to singer Jeff Perlin's humorous live banter and lyrics. Contrary to popular belief, the original Breakdown lineup only lasted for less than a year. The band continued on with new members over the years, with Jeff Perlin being the only original member. Through all the years Breakdown never did a tour of the U.S., concentrating mostly on the Northeast and Canada. They toured Europe 4 times (1999, 2001, 2009, 2010) with European bands including Rykers and Backfire. They also toured Japan in 2001. Starting in 2003 through 2007 Perlin was the vocalist for Slumlords, a Baltimore-based hardcore/punk band. Slumlords allowed Perlin to write lyrics with a much less serious slant while allowing for a more diverse vocal delivery by adding punk, rock n roll and some heavy metal to the mix while still relying on hardcore for the basis of their sound. Breakdown started playing gigs again in 2008, most notably the Black N Blue Bowl held in Brooklyn, NYC and the Built to Last Festival in Providence, RI in May 2009. They have also played gigs in NYC in September 2009 and the Baltimore "Fall Brawl" in October 2009. They played two gigs in Europe in November 2009 (Antwerp, Belgium and Leipzig, Germany) to support Backfire for their last two performances as well as a 4 date tour of Netherlands, Germany, France and Belgium in August 2010. In November 2010 they made their triumphant return to New York City's Webster Hall (which they last played 1988 when it was called The Ritz) opening for Sheer Terror. There have been rumors of Breakdown working on new material for general release, which would be their first output since 2001. But these rumors have been laid to rest after Breakdown decided to pack it in and not record or play any additional shows as of February 2011. In February 2012 it was formally announced that the original 1986 lineup was reforming to write, record and release all-new material. This lineup consists of vocalist Jeff Perlin, guitarists Carl Porcaro and Don Angellili, bassist Rich McLoughlin and drummer Anthony Drago. This is the first time in 25 years that this lineup has performed together..comment Breakdown was started in 1986, during the resurgence of the hardcore scene. Despite being a NYHC band, being based in Yonkers Breakdown didn't have the Lower East Side Crew-mentality of Warzone and Agnostic Front. By a similar token, unlike some of their other contemporaries like Gorilla Biscuits and Youth Of Today, Breakdown was not a straight edge positive band. They are considered more along the lines of Sheer Terror for their more metallic sound and less-than-positive lyrics. However, Breakdown always had somewhat of a tongue-in-cheek element to them, mostly due to singer Jeff Perlin's humorous live banter and lyrics..
2/28	==DB== title Breakdown.released --01-29.Breakdown (video game).Breakdown (Japanese: ブレイクダウン Hepburn: Bureikudaun) is a first-person action game released by Namco in 2004 for the Microsoft Xbox console. The game was praised for its use of the first-person perspective for storytelling..comment Breakdown (Japanese: ブレイクダウン Hepburn: Bureikudaun) is a first-person action game released by Namco in 2004 for the Microsoft Xbox console. The game was praised for its use of the first-person perspective for storytelling..
3/28	==DB== Breakdown.writer Jack Johnson, Dan Nakamura & Paul Huston.length 213.0.lastSingle "Good People".nextSingle "Better Together".Breakdown (Jack Johnson song)."Breakdown" is a song written by Jack Johnson, Dan Nakamura & Paul Huston and sung by Jack Johnson. It is the eleventh track on the album In Between Dreams which was released in February 2005. It was released as a single in September 2005. The video features Jack Johnson surfing in Pichilemu, Chile. The single peaked at #73 in the United Kingdom. The song was originally featured on the A Brokedown Melody soundtrack. Johnson confessed it was written in a train between Paris and Hossegor, a famous surf spot in France. A remix of the song was produced by the hip-hop duo Handsome Boy Modeling School (Nakamura & Huston). It is a more upbeat version of the original song, and was featured on their 2004 album, White People..comment "Breakdown" is a song written by Jack Johnson, Dan Nakamura & Paul Huston and sung by Jack Johnson. It is the eleventh track on the album In Between Dreams which was released in February 2005. It was released as a single in September 2005. The video features Jack Johnson surfing in Pichilemu, Chile. The single peaked at #73 in the United Kingdom. The song was originally featured on the A Brokedown Melody soundtrack. Johnson confessed it was written in a train between Paris and Hossegor, a famous surf spot in France..
4/28	==DB== Breakdown (Rugby Union).
5/28	==DB== Mental breakdown.Mental breakdown (also known as a nervous breakdown) is a general term for an acute, time-limited mental disorder that manifests primarily as severe stress-induced depression, anxiety, or dissociation in a previously functional individual, to the extent that they are no longer able to function on a day-to-day basis until the disorder is resolved. A nervous breakdown is defined by its temporary nature, and often closely tied to psychological burnout, severe overwork, sleep deprivation, and similar stressors, which may combine to temporarily overwhelm an individual with otherwise sound mental functions..comment Mental breakdown (also known as a nervous breakdown) is a general term for an acute, time-limited mental disorder that manifests primarily as severe stress-induced depression, anxiety, or dissociation in a previously functional individual, to the extent that they are no longer able to function on a day-to-day basis until the disorder is resolved. A nervous breakdown is defined by its temporary nature, and often closely tied to psychological burnout, severe overwork, sleep deprivation, and similar stressors, which may combine to temporarily overwhelm an individual with otherwise sound mental functions..
6/28	==DB== Breakdown.length 209.0.released 2008-08-09.lastSingle "Rise Above This".nextSingle "Careless Whisper".Breakdown (Seether song)."Breakdown" is the third track and the third single from Seether's third album, Finding Beauty In Negative Spaces. Shaun Morgan has stated that the song is about his former girlfriend Amy Lee, but other sources reference a more recent relationship. To further the point, Morgan has been quoted saying "Amy and I, at our worst moments, were still better than this last girl and I at our best moments". The song was released to radio in the middle of August 2008 and quickly became one of the most added singles to active rock radio at the time..comment "Breakdown" is the third track and the third single from Seether's third album, Finding Beauty In Negative Spaces. Shaun Morgan has stated that the song is about his former girlfriend Amy Lee, but other sources reference a more recent relationship. To further the point, Morgan has been quoted saying "Amy and I, at our worst moments, were still better than this last girl and I at our best moments". The song was released to radio in the middle of August 2008 and quickly became one of the most added singles to active rock radio at the time..
7/28	==DB== Breakdown.producer Mariah Carey.producer Stevie J.writer Mariah Carey.filename Mariah Carey & Bones Thugs-N-Harmony - Breakdown.ogg.title "Breakdown".description A sample of the last chorus, featuring the song's strong vocal moments backed by synth drums..length 283.0.released 1998-03-22.artist Mariah Carey featuring Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.recorded February 1997; The Hit Factory.format 12".lastSingle "The Roof".nextSingle "My All".Breakdown (Mariah Carey song)."Breakdown" is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey from her sixth studio album, Butterfly (1997). It was released as the fourth single from the album on March 22, 1998 by Columbia Records. Similar to the treatments of "Butterfly and The Roof (Back in Time)", "Breakdown" received a limited worldwide release due to Carey's conflict at the time with Sony. The song was written and produced by Carey, Stevie J and Puff Daddy, and features rap verses by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. The song's lyrics describe the emotions someone feels when their lover suddenly stops loving and leaves them, and the pain, or breakdown, it causes the person. The song was well received by contemporary music critics. In the music video, Carey goes through a variety of different colorful outfits, with matching make-up. Of the many changes, two scenes predominantly occupy the video. The first in Carey dressed in flamenco style clothing, while dancing on a chair with two other female dancers. The other features Carey and Bone Thugs-N-Harmony gambling in a casino. Carey performed the song live during select dates of her Butterfly World Tour in 1998 and Adventures of Mimi Tour in 2006. Due to the song's limited release, "Breakdown" did not chart in most major music markets, with the exception of Australia and New Zealand, where it peaked at numbers 38 and four, respectively. In the US, due to Billboard rules at the time, the song was unable to chart on the Hot 100, but charted at number 53 on the Hot 100 Airplay Chart..comment "Breakdown" is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey from her sixth studio album, Butterfly (1997). It was released as the fourth single from the album on March 22, 1998 by Columbia Records. Similar to the treatments of "Butterfly and The Roof (Back in Time)", "Breakdown" received a limited worldwide release due to Carey's conflict at the time with Sony. The song was written and produced by Carey, Stevie J and Puff Daddy, and features rap verses by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. The song's lyrics describe the emotions someone feels when their lover suddenly stops loving and leaves them, and the pain, or breakdown, it causes the person. The song was well received by contemporary music critics..
8/28	==DB== Breakdown: In Your House.date 1998-09-27.Breakdown: In Your House.Breakdown: In Your House was the twenty-fourth In Your House professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), presented by Stridex. It took place on September 27, 1998, at the Copps Coliseum in Hamilton, Ontario. The main event was a Triple Threat match between Stone Cold Steve Austin, The Undertaker and Kane for the WWF Championship, which ended in controversy when The Undertaker and Kane simultaneously pinned Austin. Another match at the event was a Triple Threat match in a steel cage between Ken Shamrock, Mankind and The Rock to determine the number-one contender to the WWF Championship..comment Breakdown: In Your House was the twenty-fourth In Your House professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), presented by Stridex. It took place on September 27, 1998, at the Copps Coliseum in Hamilton, Ontario..
9/28	==DB== Breakdown (book).
10/28	==DB== Breakdown.length 330.0.length 180.0.recorded Shelter Studios.recorded 1976.format 7.bSide "The Wild One, Forever".bSide "Warm Leatherette".lastSingle "The Hunter Gets Captured by the Game".nextSingle "American Girl".nextSingle "Demolition Man".Breakdown (Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers song)."Breakdown" is the first single from Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers' self-titled debut album. It became a Top 40 hit in the United States and Canada. Played live, Petty sometimes incorporated "Breakdown" with Ray Charles' "Hit the Road Jack". A live recording of this variation appears on The Live Anthology..comment "Breakdown" is the first single from Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers' self-titled debut album. It became a Top 40 hit in the United States and Canada. Played live, Petty sometimes incorporated "Breakdown" with Ray Charles' "Hit the Road Jack". A live recording of this variation appears on The Live Anthology..
11/28	==DB== Breakdown (music).In music, a breakdown is part of a song in which various instruments have solo parts (breaks). This may take the form where all instruments play the verse together, and then several or all instruments individually repeat the verse as solo parts. A breakdown is a popular musical style particularly in Bluegrass, notable examples being Earl Scruggs' Foggy Mountain Breakdown and Bill Monroe's Bluegrass Breakdown..comment In music, a breakdown is part of a song in which various instruments have solo parts (breaks). This may take the form where all instruments play the verse together, and then several or all instruments individually repeat the verse as solo parts. A breakdown is a popular musical style particularly in Bluegrass, notable examples being Earl Scruggs' Foggy Mountain Breakdown and Bill Monroe's Bluegrass Breakdown..
12/28	==SS== To fail, to cease to function.{{ux|en|I am afraid my computer will '''break down''' if I try to run it at too high a speed.}} 
13/28	==DB== Breakdown.length 3230.0.released 1999-10-05.lastAlbum Your Little Secret.nextAlbum Skin.Breakdown (Melissa Etheridge album).Breakdown is the sixth album by singer/songwriter Melissa Etheridge, released in 1999 (see 1999 in music). A Limited Edition version of the album was simultaneously released featuring three bonus tracks. "Scarecrow" is dedicated to the memory of Matthew Shepard, and his family and friends. "Into the Dark" played at the end of an episode of Haven..comment Breakdown is the sixth album by singer/songwriter Melissa Etheridge, released in 1999 (see 1999 in music). A Limited Edition version of the album was simultaneously released featuring three bonus tracks. "Scarecrow" is dedicated to the memory of Matthew Shepard, and his family and friends. "Into the Dark" played at the end of an episode of Haven..
14/28	==DB== Breakdowns (comics).Breakdowns is a collected volume of underground comic strips by American cartoonist Art Spiegelman. The book is made up of strips dating to before Spiegelman started planning his graphic novel Maus, but includes the strip "Maus" which presaged the graphic novel, and "Prisoner on the Hell Planet" which is reproduced in Maus. The original edition of 1977 is subtitled From Maus to Now; the expanded 2008 edition is subtitled Portrait of the Artist as a Young %@&*!..comment Breakdowns is a collected volume of underground comic strips by American cartoonist Art Spiegelman. The book is made up of strips dating to before Spiegelman started planning his graphic novel Maus, but includes the strip "Maus" which presaged the graphic novel, and "Prisoner on the Hell Planet" which is reproduced in Maus. The original edition of 1977 is subtitled From Maus to Now; the expanded 2008 edition is subtitled Portrait of the Artist as a Young %@&*!..
15/28	==DB== Breakdown.released 1997-11-18.lastAlbum That High Lonesome Sound.nextAlbum Old and in the Gray.Breakdown (Old and in the Way album).Breakdown is the third live release of bluegrass music by Old and in the Way. Like the first and second albums (Old and in the Way and That High Lonesome Sound), Breakdown was recorded at the Boarding House in San Francisco in October 1973..comment Breakdown is the third live release of bluegrass music by Old and in the Way. Like the first and second albums (Old and in the Way and That High Lonesome Sound), Breakdown was recorded at the Boarding House in San Francisco in October 1973..
16/28	==DB== Breakdown.writer Hugo Ferreira, Matt Taul, Jesse Vest and Todd Whitener.length 190.0.released 2001-05-21.Breakdown (Tantric song)."Breakdown" is the debut single by post-grunge band Tantric and the lead single from their self-titled debut album. It is the band's most successful song, having reached #1 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks and helped the album achieve platinum status in 2001. Lyrically, "Breakdown" describes a high school student filled with resentment and self-disgust. The music video found substantial airplay on MTV2. In combination with the band's acoustic-heavy sound, "Breakdown" also utilizes a digital effect at the end of the chorus. The tightly produced arrangement makes for a well balanced ratio of hard rock and pop. Guitarist Todd Whitener came up with the song while sitting in an Amsterdam hotel. He described the meaning behind "Breakdown" in an interview with MTV: "That song's pretty much about being pooped on and realizing that life is going to move on and you just have to keep your head high. Things will work out in the end, as long as you stay positive.".comment "Breakdown" is the debut single by post-grunge band Tantric and the lead single from their self-titled debut album. It is the band's most successful song, having reached #1 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks and helped the album achieve platinum status in 2001. Guitarist Todd Whitener came up with the song while sitting in an Amsterdam hotel. He described the meaning behind "Breakdown" in an interview with MTV:.
17/28	==DB== Breakdown.writer *.writer * Larry Troutman * Lennox Maturine * Roderick Roachford * Rod Kirkpatrick.format *.format 12".bSide "Sneakin' Up on Ya".lastSingle "What's Up Doc? (Can We Rock)".Breakdown (Fu-Schnickens song)."Breakdown" is a song performed by American hip hop group Fu-Schnickens. It is the opening track on their second studio album Nervous Breakdown and was issued as the album's second single. The song samples "Dance Floor" by Zapp and "Theme from the Black Hole" by Parliament. It was the group's last song to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at #67 in 1994..comment "Breakdown" is a song performed by American hip hop group Fu-Schnickens. It is the opening track on their second studio album Nervous Breakdown and was issued as the album's second single. The song samples "Dance Floor" by Zapp and "Theme from the Black Hole" by Parliament. It was the group's last song to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at #67 in 1994..
18/28	==DB== Breakdown.screenplay Jonathan Mostow.screenplay Sam Montgomery.runtime 5580.0.budget 3.6E7.editing Derek Brechin.gross 5.02E7.Breakdown (1997 film).Breakdown is a 1997 American adventure mystery thriller film directed and co-written by Jonathan Mostow. The film stars Kurt Russell, J. T. Walsh (in one of his final film roles), and Kathleen Quinlan. The original music score was composed by Basil Poledouris. The film was produced by Dino De Laurentiis and Martha De Laurentiis and released on May 2, 1997 by Paramount Pictures..comment Breakdown is a 1997 American adventure mystery thriller film directed and co-written by Jonathan Mostow. The film stars Kurt Russell, J. T. Walsh (in one of his final film roles), and Kathleen Quinlan. The original music score was composed by Basil Poledouris. The film was produced by Dino De Laurentiis and Martha De Laurentiis and released on May 2, 1997 by Paramount Pictures..
19/28	==DB== Breakdown (comics).Breakdown was a comic published by Devil's Due Productions as part of their Aftermath line. It began in October 2004, and was written by Chuck Dixon, and drawn by Dave Ross. The story is set around Jeff Carey, who, when he discovers/receives his powers, decides to use them for good, as Paragon, the world's first superhero. He battles evil superhumans, such as Humongulous and Cactus Rose. He is loved by the media, by his wife, and by his daughter. One day, he is given a mysterious warning by a woman in a crowd. That night, his family is attacked. Only he survives, and his face is ruined. He tracks down the woman who warned him. A year later, the special prison which houses Humongulous is attacked by a man with the same powers as Paragon. However, he wears a mask, and shares none of Paragon's morality... As of Issue #2, it is revealed that Jeff Carey received his powers from his father. Where his father got them is unclear, but is likely to involve a secret organization known as the Black Ring. The first arc consisted of 6 issues..comment Breakdown was a comic published by Devil's Due Productions as part of their Aftermath line. It began in October 2004, and was written by Chuck Dixon, and drawn by Dave Ross. The story is set around Jeff Carey, who, when he discovers/receives his powers, decides to use them for good, as Paragon, the world's first superhero. He battles evil superhumans, such as Humongulous and Cactus Rose. He is loved by the media, by his wife, and by his daughter. One day, he is given a mysterious warning by a woman in a crowd. That night, his family is attacked. Only he survives, and his face is ruined. He tracks down the woman who warned him..
20/28	==DB== Breakdown (vehicle).A vehicle breakdown is the mechanical failure of a motor vehicle in such a way that the underlying problem prevents the vehicle from being operated at all, or impedes the vehicle's operation so much, that it is very difficult, nearly impossible, or else dangerous to operate. Vehicle breakdowns can occur for a large number of reasons. Depending on the nature of the problem, the vehicle may or may not need to be towed to an automobile repair shop. A "breakdown" is also referred to when a car stalls on the road. A vehicle stalls for a number of reasons ranging from a dead car battery, fuel pump, poor quality fuel, faulty electrical wiring, fuel pressure problems, overlooked leaks or missing caps..comment A vehicle breakdown is the mechanical failure of a motor vehicle in such a way that the underlying problem prevents the vehicle from being operated at all, or impedes the vehicle's operation so much, that it is very difficult, nearly impossible, or else dangerous to operate. Vehicle breakdowns can occur for a large number of reasons. Depending on the nature of the problem, the vehicle may or may not need to be towed to an automobile repair shop..
21/28	==DB== Electrical breakdown.Electrical breakdown or dielectric breakdown is a long reduction in the resistance of an electrical insulator when the voltage applied across it exceeds the breakdown voltage. This results in the insulator becoming electrically conductive. Electrical breakdown may be a momentary event (as in an electrostatic discharge), or may lead to a discontinuous arc charge if protective devices fail to interrupt the current in a low power circuit. Under sufficient electrical stress, electrical breakdown can occur within solids, liquids, gases or vacuum. However, the specific breakdown mechanisms are significantly different for each, particularly in different kinds of dielectric medium..comment Electrical breakdown or dielectric breakdown is a long reduction in the resistance of an electrical insulator when the voltage applied across it exceeds the breakdown voltage. This results in the insulator becoming electrically conductive. Electrical breakdown may be a momentary event (as in an electrostatic discharge), or may lead to a discontinuous arc charge if protective devices fail to interrupt the current in a low power circuit..
22/28	==SS== 
23/28	==DB== Breakdown (Transformers).
24/28	==DB== Breakdown.length 2245.0.Breakdown (Paulinho da Costa album).Breakdown is the fourth solo album by Brazilian percussionist Paulinho Da Costa released in 1987, recorded for A&M Records..comment Breakdown is the fourth solo album by Brazilian percussionist Paulinho Da Costa released in 1987, recorded for A&M Records..
25/28	==DB== Breakdown.writer Justin Boller Andy Anderson Group 1 Crew.length 209.0.released 2010-05-11.fromAlbum Outta Space Love and Spacebound-EP.lastSingle "Keys To the Kingdom".nextSingle "Live It Up".Breakdown (Group 1 Crew song)."Breakdown" is a single by hip-hop trio Group 1 Crew. It is the lead single from the album, Outta Space Love, and was released on May 11, 2010..comment "Breakdown" is a single by hip-hop trio Group 1 Crew. It is the lead single from the album, Outta Space Love, and was released on May 11, 2010..
26/28	==DB== Breakdown.runtime 6600.0.starring *.Breakdown (2016 film).Breakdown is a 2016 British thriller film written and directed by Jonnie Malachi, produced by Luke Fairbrass, and starring Craig Fairbrass, James Cosmo and Bruce Payne..comment Breakdown is a 2016 British thriller film written and directed by Jonnie Malachi, produced by Luke Fairbrass, and starring Craig Fairbrass, James Cosmo and Bruce Payne..
27/28	==DB== Breakdown.producer Edmond Angelo.runtime 4560.0.released 1952-07-16.Breakdown (1952 film).Breakdown is a 1952 American feature film starring Ann Richards. It was her last film before she retired..comment Breakdown is a 1952 American feature film starring Ann Richards. It was her last film before she retired..
28/28	==DB== Script breakdown.A script breakdown is an intermediate step in the production of a play, film, comic book, or any other work that is originally planned using a script..comment A script breakdown is an intermediate step in the production of a play, film, comic book, or any other work that is originally planned using a script..
===114	break out	23
1/23	==DB== Breakout.runtime 5760.0.gross 1.6E7.Breakout (1975 film).Breakout is a 1975 action film from Columbia Pictures starring Charles Bronson, Jill Ireland, Robert Duvall, John Huston, Sheree North and Randy Quaid. The actors Bronson and Ireland were married. The film is notable for giving the usually serious Bronson a more comedic, lighthearted role..comment Breakout is a 1975 action film from Columbia Pictures starring Charles Bronson, Jill Ireland, Robert Duvall, John Huston, Sheree North and Randy Quaid. The actors Bronson and Ireland were married. The film is notable for giving the usually serious Bronson a more comedic, lighthearted role..
2/23	==SS== To escape, especially forcefully or defiantly.''They '''broke out''' of prison in the middle of the night.'' ''The brigade succeeded in '''breaking out''' of the pocket and reunited with friendly forces.'' 
3/23	==DB== runtime 2700.0.showName Breakout.showName 破天网.starring Christopher Lee.starring Jeanette Aw.starring Guo Liang.starring Zhou Ying.starring Dai Yang Tian.numEpisodes 25.firstAired 2010-12-06.lastAired 2011-01-07.opentheme 网  by Jeff Chang.Breakout (TV series).Breakout (simplified Chinese: 破天网) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecast on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8. It made its debut on 6 December 2010 and ended on 7 January 2011. This drama serial consists of 25 episodes, and was screened on every weekday night at 9:00 pm. Being the end-year Channel 8 blockbuster of 2010, it was the tenth Channel 8 drama to be fully filmed in HD and the first to be filmed in Dolby Digital. This drama will be encored from 30 November 2011 to 3 January 2012 at midnight, and this time rated PG for violence, similar to The Ultimatum. However, The Family Court and The Score were not being broadcast at midnight, but at 5.30pm instead. Breakout was one of two blockbuster dramas for the year 2010 and has been mistaken to be Channel 8's anniversary special. There were no anniversary dramas that year..comment Breakout (simplified Chinese: 破天网) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecast on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8. It made its debut on 6 December 2010 and ended on 7 January 2011. This drama serial consists of 25 episodes, and was screened on every weekday night at 9:00 pm. Being the end-year Channel 8 blockbuster of 2010, it was the tenth Channel 8 drama to be fully filmed in HD and the first to be filmed in Dolby Digital..
4/23	==DB== Breakout board.
5/23	==DB== showName Breakout.numSeasons 2.numEpisodes 16.firstAired 2010-03-28.Breakout (2010 TV series).Breakout is an American reality television series that airs on the National Geographic Channel. It dramatizes real life prison breakouts. The series premiered on March 28, 2010..comment Breakout is an American reality television series that airs on the National Geographic Channel. It dramatizes real life prison breakouts. The series premiered on March 28, 2010..
6/23	==DB== Breakout (Joe 90).
7/23	==DB== Breakout.producer *.producer *Devrim Karaoglu *.released 2008-07-22.lastAlbum Best of Both Worlds Concert.nextAlbum The Time of Our Lives.Breakout (Miley Cyrus album).Breakout is the second studio album by American recording artist Miley Cyrus, released on July 22, 2008 by Hollywood Records. It is her first record that is not affiliated with the television series Hannah Montana, in which Cyrus portrays the title character Hannah Montana. She co-wrote eight of its thirteen tracks, several of which with the assistance of Antonina Armato and Tim James. The majority of the record was composed as she traveled during her headlining Best of Both Worlds Tour (2007–08). Overall, Breakout is dominant on pop rock but explores a variety of other musical genres. Lyrical themes addressed in the album relate to breakups and coming of age. Breakout was met with generally favorable reception from critics, though some believed the tracks were not a significant departure from the Hannah Montana franchise. The album encountered commercial success and introduced Cyrus in new countries. The album peaked at number one on the Billboard 200 for one week selling 370,000 copies. It is Cyrus' third album to do so, and was eventually certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Breakout has sold 1.5 million copies in the United States. Elsewhere, Breakout topped the Canadian Albums Chart for two consecutive weeks and the Australian Albums Chart for one week. The album also charted within the top ten in Italy, Japan, and New Zealand. Three singles were released from Breakout. "7 Things" was released on June 17, 2008 as the lead single from the album; it was commercially successful, reaching the top ten on charts in various countries. It was followed by the Rock Mafia remix of "See You Again", released on August 25, 2008 in countries which the original version was not, expanding the success of the song by appearing on charts in several countries. The third single, "Fly on the Wall" was released on February 27, 2009 as the final single, being unable to duplicate the success of the previous singles..comment Breakout is the second studio album by American recording artist Miley Cyrus, released on July 22, 2008 by Hollywood Records. It is her first record that is not affiliated with the television series Hannah Montana, in which Cyrus portrays the title character Hannah Montana. She co-wrote eight of its thirteen tracks, several of which with the assistance of Antonina Armato and Tim James. The majority of the record was composed as she traveled during her headlining Best of Both Worlds Tour (2007–08). Overall, Breakout is dominant on pop rock but explores a variety of other musical genres. Lyrical themes addressed in the album relate to breakups and coming of age..
8/23	==DB== Breakout (technical analysis).A breakout is when prices pass through and stay through an area of support or resistance. On the technical analysis chart a break out occurs when price of a stock or commodity exits an area pattern. Oftentimes, a stock or commodity will bounce between the areas of support and resistance and when it breaks through either one of these barriers you can consider the direction that it's heading in a trend. This can be a "Buy" or "Sell" signal depending on which barrier it broke through..comment A breakout is when prices pass through and stay through an area of support or resistance. On the technical analysis chart a break out occurs when price of a stock or commodity exits an area pattern. Oftentimes, a stock or commodity will bounce between the areas of support and resistance and when it breaks through either one of these barriers you can consider the direction that it's heading in a trend. This can be a "Buy" or "Sell" signal depending on which barrier it broke through..
9/23	==DB== Breakout.producer Leslie Parkyn.runtime 3720.0.starring Dermot Kelly.Breakout (1959 film).Breakout is a 1959 British drama film directed by Peter Graham Scott and starring Lee Patterson, Hazel Court, Terence Alexander. A local government official leads a double life when organising a breakout from a prison..comment Breakout is a 1959 British drama film directed by Peter Graham Scott and starring Lee Patterson, Hazel Court, Terence Alexander. A local government official leads a double life when organising a breakout from a prison..
10/23	==DB== title Breakout.series The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes.season 1.airdate 2010-10-20.airdate 2010-10-22.airdate 2010-10-29.episode 1.Breakout (The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes).Breakout is the name of the first two episodes of the animated television series The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes. It was originally broadcast on Disney XD in the United States on October 20, 2010. Part 1 originally aired on October 22, 2010 and Part 2 originally aired on October 29, 2010 on Teletoon in Canada..comment Breakout is the name of the first two episodes of the animated television series The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes. It was originally broadcast on Disney XD in the United States on October 20, 2010. Part 1 originally aired on October 22, 2010 and Part 2 originally aired on October 29, 2010 on Teletoon in Canada..
11/23	==DB== Breakout.length 228.0.format 7".bSide "Dirty Money".certification Silver.lastSingle "Blue Mood".nextSingle "Surrender".Breakout (Swing Out Sister song)."Breakout" is a single from British act Swing Out Sister's debut album It's Better to Travel. The single reached the number four position in the UK in the autumn of 1986, and rose to number six on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US and number one on the Adult Contemporary in the US in 1987. The song also resulted in a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group. The single was written and performed while the group was still a trio. It was one of their biggest hits, and the song most closely associated with the act. In the US, "Breakout" remains a staple of adult contemporary and smooth jazz radio station playlists..comment "Breakout" is a single from British act Swing Out Sister's debut album It's Better to Travel. The single reached the number four position in the UK in the autumn of 1986, and rose to number six on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US and number one on the Adult Contemporary in the US in 1987. The song also resulted in a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group..
12/23	==DB== Breakout (military).A breakout is a military operation to end a situation of investment, through offensive operations that achieve a breakthrough. It is used in contexts such as: "The British breakout attempt from Normandy". It is one of four possible outcomes of investment, the others being relief, surrender, or reduction..comment A breakout is a military operation to end a situation of investment, through offensive operations that achieve a breakthrough. It is used in contexts such as: "The British breakout attempt from Normandy". It is one of four possible outcomes of investment, the others being relief, surrender, or reduction..
13/23	==DB== Breakout.producer Jay Beckenstein, Richard Calandra.producer Assistant producer: Jeremy Wall.length 2329.0.lastAlbum ''.lastAlbum ''Alternating Currents.nextAlbum ''.nextAlbum Stories Without Words.Breakout (Spyro Gyra album).Breakout is the tenth album by Spyro Gyra, released in 1986 (see 1986 in music). It would be the last album co-produced by Richard Calandra who died of cancer in October 1986. The band would produce an MTV video for "Bob Goes To The Store" shot partly from the point of view of a roaming dog ("Bob")..comment Breakout is the tenth album by Spyro Gyra, released in 1986 (see 1986 in music). It would be the last album co-produced by Richard Calandra who died of cancer in October 1986. The band would produce an MTV video for "Bob Goes To The Store" shot partly from the point of view of a roaming dog ("Bob")..
14/23	==DB== Breakout clone.A Breakout clone (also known as a Breakout-style game, block-breaking game, brick buster, or ball-and-paddle game) is a sub-class of the "bat-and-ball" genre. The genre is named for the dynamics of the player-controlled block, called a "bat" or a "paddle", upon which the game is based, which hits a ball towards another player's bat or different objects such as colored tiles (called a "brick"). The term brick buster, coined in the early 2000s, mostly refers to more modern games. Breakout-style games are characterized by the addition of a wall of blocks or similar objects that the player chips away at with the ball as part of the main gameplay. Since the release of the original Breakout arcade game in 1976, and Super Breakout two years later, there have been many clones and updates for various platforms. The profusion and notability of such games has been enough for them to also be referred to by some as a genre in their own right. Among the cloners was Breakout designer Steve Wozniak, who wrote Little Brick Out, a software version for the Apple II of his own hardware game. Breakout clones' status as a genre is slightly more established in Japan than in North America. Block kuzushi (ブロック崩し burokkukuzushi, literally block destruction) is the name given in Japan to these games, while casse-briques (literally brick breaker) is the name given in France to these games. A number of block kuzushi games were released in Japan under the title Block Kuzushi, including members of D3 Publisher's Simple series and a Color TV Game system by Nintendo. However, this is a generic name referring to the genre (similar to a tennis game being called Tennis). The games titled Block Kuzushi are all distinct games and should not be considered as a series. In 1986 Arkanoid revitalized the concept by adding power-ups and a more textured, layered feel to the visuals. Many Breakout clones since then have been styled after Arkanoid. In 1991, Atari Games released a remake of Breakout called Off the Wall. It modeled "spin" on the ball..comment A Breakout clone (also known as a Breakout-style game, block-breaking game, brick buster, or ball-and-paddle game) is a sub-class of the "bat-and-ball" genre. The genre is named for the dynamics of the player-controlled block, called a "bat" or a "paddle", upon which the game is based, which hits a ball towards another player's bat or different objects such as colored tiles (called a "brick"). The term brick buster, coined in the early 2000s, mostly refers to more modern games. In 1991, Atari Games released a remake of Breakout called Off the Wall. It modeled "spin" on the ball..
15/23	==DB== 
16/23	==DB== publisher Atari, Inc..title Breakout.designer Steve Bristow.platforms Arcade, [[#Re-releases.Breakout (video game).Breakout is an arcade game developed and published by Atari, Inc. It was conceptualized by Nolan Bushnell and Steve Bristow, influenced by the 1972 Atari arcade game Pong, and built by Steve Wozniak aided by Steve Jobs. The game was ported to multiple platforms and upgraded to video games such as Super Breakout. In addition, Breakout was the basis and inspiration for certain aspects of the Apple II personal computer. In the game, a layer of bricks lines the top third of the screen. A ball travels across the screen, bouncing off the top and side walls of the screen. When a brick is hit, the ball bounces away and the brick is destroyed. The player loses a turn when the ball touches the bottom of the screen. To prevent this from happening, the player has a movable paddle to bounce the ball upward, keeping it in play..comment Breakout is an arcade game developed and published by Atari, Inc. It was conceptualized by Nolan Bushnell and Steve Bristow, influenced by the 1972 Atari arcade game Pong, and built by Steve Wozniak aided by Steve Jobs. The game was ported to multiple platforms and upgraded to video games such as Super Breakout. In addition, Breakout was the basis and inspiration for certain aspects of the Apple II personal computer..
17/23	==DB== Breakout.KU-01.length 2065.0.lastAlbum What's Going On.nextAlbum Wild Horses Rock Steady.recorded --06-03.recorded Van Gelder Studio, Englewood Cliffs.Breakout (Johnny Hammond album).Breakout is an album by jazz organist Johnny Hammond recorded for the Kudu label in 1971. The album was the first release on Creed Taylor's Kudu label, a subsidiary of CTI Records and is the first album that dropped Johnny "Hammond" Smith's surname..comment Breakout is an album by jazz organist Johnny Hammond recorded for the Kudu label in 1971. The album was the first release on Creed Taylor's Kudu label, a subsidiary of CTI Records and is the first album that dropped Johnny "Hammond" Smith's surname..
18/23	==DB== Breakout.yearsActive 1968.yearsActive 1986.yearsActive 1993.background group_or_band.Pronit, Yesterday.Andromeda, Digiton,.Pomaton EMI, Andante,.associatedActs Blackout.pastMembers Mira Kubasińska.pastMembers Bogdan Lewandowski.pastMembers Andrzej Tylec.pastMembers Zbigniew Wypych.Breakout (band).Breakout is a Polish blues rock band, formed on 1 February 1968..comment Breakout is a Polish blues rock band, formed on 1 February 1968..
19/23	==DB== Breakout.genre *.length 195.0.released 2012-12-09.lastSingle "Creeping in My Soul".Breakout (Cryoshell song)."Breakout" is a song by Danish rock band Cryoshell, released as a solo single on December 9, 2012. Written by Mikkel Maltha, the song was recorded in late 2011 and produced by Jacob Hansen. "Breakout" is set to be included as a bonus track in a reissue of the band's self-titled debut studio album, slated for release by Norwegian record label The Leaders at a currently unconfirmed date..comment "Breakout" is a song by Danish rock band Cryoshell, released as a solo single on December 9, 2012. Written by Mikkel Maltha, the song was recorded in late 2011 and produced by Jacob Hansen. "Breakout" is set to be included as a bonus track in a reissue of the band's self-titled debut studio album, slated for release by Norwegian record label The Leaders at a currently unconfirmed date..
20/23	==DB== Breakout box.A breakout box is a critical piece of electrical test equipment used to support integration testing, expedite maintenance, and streamline the troubleshooting process at the system, subsystem, and component level by simplifying the access to test signals. Breakout boxes span a wide spectrum of functionality: (i) some serve to break out every signal connection coming into a unit while others breakout only specific signals commonly monitored for either testing or troubleshooting purposes; and some are used on electrical connectors and others are used on optical fiber connectors..comment A breakout box is a critical piece of electrical test equipment used to support integration testing, expedite maintenance, and streamline the troubleshooting process at the system, subsystem, and component level by simplifying the access to test signals. Breakout boxes span a wide spectrum of functionality: (i) some serve to break out every signal connection coming into a unit while others breakout only specific signals commonly monitored for either testing or troubleshooting purposes; and some are used on electrical connectors and others are used on optical fiber connectors..
21/23	==DB== Breakout.producer Dave Grohl, Nate Mendel, Taylor Hawkins and Adam Kasper.producer Emma Lyne and Sam Cunningham.writer Dave Grohl, Nate Mendel and Taylor Hawkins.Roswell, RCA.length 219.0.length 201.0.released 2000-09-18.recorded --11-23.recorded March–June 1999.lastSingle "Generator".nextSingle "Next Year".album There Is Nothing Left to Lose and Me, Myself & Irene soundtrack.Breakout (Foo Fighters song)."Breakout" is a single from the third Foo Fighters album There Is Nothing Left to Lose..comment "Breakout" is a single from the third Foo Fighters album There Is Nothing Left to Lose..
22/23	==DB== Breakout character.
23/23	==DB== Breakout.writer Ted Bruner, Trey Vittetoe, Gina Schock.filename Miley_Breakout.ogg.title "Breakout".description A sample of Miley Cyrus' "Breakout". The song is a dance-pop number with lyrics about being carefree. It features background vocals by American pop singer Katy Perry..length 204.0.released 2008-07-22.recorded March 2008; Annetenna Studios.next "7 Things".trackNo 1.Breakout (Miley Cyrus song)."Breakout" is a pop song by American recording artist Miley Cyrus. It was released to Radio Disney as promotion for Cyrus' second album of the same name. It was originally recorded by American pop singer Katy Perry as a demo track for her debut album One of the Boys but due to not being included in the album, the song was passed on to Cyrus. "Breakout" is a dance-pop whose instrumentation includes keyboard, guitar, and drums while lyrics discuss growing up and being carefree. Contemporary critics received "Breakout" very well, appreciating its lyrical content. Digital downloads began immediately after the Breakout's release on July 22, 2008, and led to commercial success in Australia, Canada, and the United States; its highest international peak was at number forty-five on the Canadian Hot 100. Cyrus performed the song in several venues; her first, in the 2008 Disney Channel Games was used as a promotional music video and on her first world tour, the Wonder World Tour, it was the opening number..comment "Breakout" is a pop song by American recording artist Miley Cyrus. It was released to Radio Disney as promotion for Cyrus' second album of the same name. It was originally recorded by American pop singer Katy Perry as a demo track for her debut album One of the Boys but due to not being included in the album, the song was passed on to Cyrus. "Breakout" is a dance-pop whose instrumentation includes keyboard, guitar, and drums while lyrics discuss growing up and being carefree..
===115	break through	22
1/22	==DB== Breakthrough!.artist Cedar Walton/Hank Mobley Quintet.lastAlbum Thinking of Home.recorded 1972-02-22.Breakthrough! (album).Breakthrough! is an album by the Cedar Walton/Hank Mobley Quintet recorded on February 22, 1972, originally released on the short-lived Cobblestone label and rereleased on the Muse label. It features performances by Hank Mobley and Cedar Walton with Charles Davis, Sam Jones and Billy Higgins and would be Mobley's final studio recording before he retired due to lung problems..comment Breakthrough! is an album by the Cedar Walton/Hank Mobley Quintet recorded on February 22, 1972, originally released on the short-lived Cobblestone label and rereleased on the Muse label. It features performances by Hank Mobley and Cedar Walton with Charles Davis, Sam Jones and Billy Higgins and would be Mobley's final studio recording before he retired due to lung problems..
2/22	==DB== Breakthrough.runtime 6660.0.runtime 6900.0.Breakthrough (1979 film).Breakthrough is a 1979 war film set on the Western Front. The picture is a sequel to Sam Peckinpah's Cross of Iron, and includes several characters from that film. The film starred several big names including Richard Burton, Robert Mitchum and Rod Steiger. Burton (Sergeant Steiner) and Helmut Griem (Major Stransky) assume the roles played by James Coburn and Maximilian Schell respectively in the original film. The supporting cast features Michael Parks and Curd Jürgens..comment Breakthrough is a 1979 war film set on the Western Front. The picture is a sequel to Sam Peckinpah's Cross of Iron, and includes several characters from that film. The film starred several big names including Richard Burton, Robert Mitchum and Rod Steiger. Burton (Sergeant Steiner) and Helmut Griem (Major Stransky) assume the roles played by James Coburn and Maximilian Schell respectively in the original film. The supporting cast features Michael Parks and Curd Jürgens..
3/22	==DB== showName Breakthrough.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 6.firstAired 2015-11-01.Breakthrough (TV series).Breakthrough is a scientific documentary television series on National Geographic Channel that premiered on November 1, 2015. It is produced by Ron Howard and Brian Grazer. All of the episodes are directed by guest directors such as Friday Night Lights creator Peter Berg, actors Paul Giamatti and Angela Bassett, screenwriter Akiva Goldsman and director Brett Ratner. The series covers current scientific "breakthroughs" in the present day, such as, fighting pandemics, robotics, and aging. On the inspiration, Grazer said on the Nerdist Podcast he wanted something like the ESPN documentary series 30 for 30 but for science.comment Breakthrough is a scientific documentary television series on National Geographic Channel that premiered on November 1, 2015. It is produced by Ron Howard and Brian Grazer. All of the episodes are directed by guest directors such as Friday Night Lights creator Peter Berg, actors Paul Giamatti and Angela Bassett, screenwriter Akiva Goldsman and director Brett Ratner. The series covers current scientific "breakthroughs" in the present day, such as, fighting pandemics, robotics, and aging..
4/22	==DB== The Breakthrough.length 4379.0.released 2005-12-20.lastAlbum Love & Life.nextAlbum Growing Pains.The Breakthrough.The Breakthrough is the seventh studio album by American R&B singer Mary J. Blige. It was released on December 20, 2005, by Geffen Records. Blige recorded the album with a host of songwriters and record producers, including 9th Wonder, Rodney Jerkins, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, Bryan-Michael Cox, J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League, Raphael Saadiq, Chucky Thompson, Cool & Dre, Ron Fair, and will.i.am. The Breakthrough received positive reviews from most critics and debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. It was certified three-time platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and has sold 3,100,000 copies in the United States..comment The Breakthrough is the seventh studio album by American R&B singer Mary J. Blige. It was released on December 20, 2005, by Geffen Records. Blige recorded the album with a host of songwriters and record producers, including 9th Wonder, Rodney Jerkins, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, Bryan-Michael Cox, J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League, Raphael Saadiq, Chucky Thompson, Cool & Dre, Ron Fair, and will.i.am..
5/22	==SS== 
6/22	==DB== Breakthrough.writer Bernard Girard.writer Ted Sherdeman.runtime 5460.0.gross 1900000.0.narrator Frank Lovejoy.Breakthrough (1950 film).Breakthrough was a 1950 film starring John Agar about an American infantry unit in World War II. Approximately one-third of the film was assembled from preexisting footage..comment Breakthrough was a 1950 film starring John Agar about an American infantry unit in World War II. Approximately one-third of the film was assembled from preexisting footage..
7/22	==DB== Breakthrough (board game).Breakthrough is an abstract strategy board game invented by Dan Troyka in 2000 and made available as a Zillions of Games file (ZRF). It won the 2001 8x8 Game Design Competition, even though the game was originally played on a 7x7 board, as it is trivially extensible to larger board sizes..comment Breakthrough is an abstract strategy board game invented by Dan Troyka in 2000 and made available as a Zillions of Games file (ZRF). It won the 2001 8x8 Game Design Competition, even though the game was originally played on a 7x7 board, as it is trivially extensible to larger board sizes..
8/22	==DB== Breakthrough (Transnistria).
9/22	==DB== Breakthrough.length 207.0.released 2011-05-02.recorded Walt Disney Records.Breakthrough (Lemonade Mouth song)."Breakthrough" is a song performed by the cast of Lemonade Mouth, formed by Bridgit Mendler, Adam Hicks, Hayley Kiyoko, Naomi Scott and Blake Michael. The song was written Bryan Todd, Maria Christensen, Shridhar Solanki and Adam Hicks and produced by Twin & Bryan Todd. It was released as the album's third and final single, releasing on May 2, 2011 through Walt Disney Records..comment "Breakthrough" is a song performed by the cast of Lemonade Mouth, formed by Bridgit Mendler, Adam Hicks, Hayley Kiyoko, Naomi Scott and Blake Michael. The song was written Bryan Todd, Maria Christensen, Shridhar Solanki and Adam Hicks and produced by Twin & Bryan Todd. It was released as the album's third and final single, releasing on May 2, 2011 through Walt Disney Records..
10/22	==DB== Emergency breakthrough.
11/22	==DB== Breakthrough.released 2012-09-17.Breakthrough (The Gaslamp Killer album).Breakthrough is the first studio album by American hip hop DJ The Gaslamp Killer. It was released on Brainfeeder on September 17, 2012. The album features guest appearances from Gonjasufi, Daedelus, and Samiyam, among others..comment Breakthrough is the first studio album by American hip hop DJ The Gaslamp Killer. It was released on Brainfeeder on September 17, 2012. The album features guest appearances from Gonjasufi, Daedelus, and Samiyam, among others..
12/22	==DB== Breakthrough.length 982.0.released 2006-03-08.Breakthrough (Aya Hirano song)."Breakthrough" is the debut single by Japanese singer and voice actress Aya Hirano. It was first released in Japan on March 8, 2006 and was produced by Lantis. "Breakthrough" and "Ichiban Boshi" were the opening and ending themes of the Japanese PlayStation 2 visual novel Finalist, respectively..comment "Breakthrough" is the debut single by Japanese singer and voice actress Aya Hirano. It was first released in Japan on March 8, 2006 and was produced by Lantis. "Breakthrough" and "Ichiban Boshi" were the opening and ending themes of the Japanese PlayStation 2 visual novel Finalist, respectively..
13/22	==DB== 
14/22	==DB== Breakthrough Breast Cancer.Breakthrough Breast Cancer was a United Kingdom charity whose mission was to "save lives through improving early diagnosis, developing new treatments and preventing all types of breast cancer". In 2015, Breakthrough Breast Cancer merged with another UK charity, Breast Cancer Campaign, to form the UK's largest breast cancer research charity - Breast Cancer Now..comment Breakthrough Breast Cancer was a United Kingdom charity whose mission was to "save lives through improving early diagnosis, developing new treatments and preventing all types of breast cancer". In 2015, Breakthrough Breast Cancer merged with another UK charity, Breast Cancer Campaign, to form the UK's largest breast cancer research charity - Breast Cancer Now..
15/22	==DB== Breakthrough (Dutch political history).The Doorbraak (literally: Breakthrough) was an attempt to renew the politics of the Netherlands after the Second World War. After the Second World War, there was widespread feeling amongst progressives that the pillarized political system should be broken open. No longer should Roman Catholic people vote for the Catholic RKSP simply because they were Catholic or Reformed people for the Anti Revolutionary Party simply because they were Reformed. Instead, political issues should structure the political system. The progressives were united in their vision of a democratic socialist Netherlands. In order to force this breakthrough, the socialist SDAP, the left-liberal VDB and the Christian-socialist CDU united to form the PvdA, a progressive party, which was open to all people. The new party did not, however, gain enough support under Catholics or Reformed and the PvdA became encapsulated in the socialist pillar. In 1966, social liberal D66 attempted another breakthrough of the pillarized political system, again unsuccessfully..comment The Doorbraak (literally: Breakthrough) was an attempt to renew the politics of the Netherlands after the Second World War. After the Second World War, there was widespread feeling amongst progressives that the pillarized political system should be broken open. No longer should Roman Catholic people vote for the Catholic RKSP simply because they were Catholic or Reformed people for the Anti Revolutionary Party simply because they were Reformed. Instead, political issues should structure the political system. The progressives were united in their vision of a democratic socialist Netherlands..
16/22	==DB== Breakthrough Collaborative.Breakthrough Collaborative.Breakthrough Collaborative (formerly Summerbridge National) is the umbrella organization of a collaborative of programs across the United States and in Hong Kong that aim to effect positive change in urban schools. Breakthrough offers high-potential, under-served middle school students the opportunity to participate in rigorous academic enrichment programs throughout the summer and school year. Students make a commitment to participate in the program through middle school and high school and in turn, Breakthrough provides many services to students and their families, ranging from academic enrichment to one-on-one tutoring to high school and college preparation. Additionally, all Breakthrough classes are taught by talented, high-achieving high school and college students from around the country who are interested in the field of education. Through the teacher development program offered by Breakthrough, these young educators become potential candidates for professional teaching and educational leadership positions after college. Teaching at Breakthrough has been named a Top Ten Internship in America by the Princeton Review, as well as other prestigious national organizations, and a 1999 Stanford University report stated that "72% [of Breakthrough teachers] went on to work in other educationally related careers or internships after teaching at a Breakthrough site." Breakthrough was founded in 1978 by Lois Loofbourrow at San Francisco University High School. Since then, numerous sites have opened, all in various sized urban areas. The sites are joined together under the umbrella organization, Breakthrough Collaborative, based in San Francisco. Sites function either through public-private partnerships with an independent educational institution or maintain their own 501(c)3 status. Since its inception in 1978, Breakthrough programs around the world have generated thousands of student and teacher alums. In 2003, the Summerbridge/Breakthrough Alumni Network or SBAN was formed through the efforts of alumni. SBAN is based out of Atlanta, but holds annual conferences around the United States. In March 2006, the 22 host schools of Breakthrough programs were awarded the Klingenstein Leadership Award by the Klingenstein Center at Teachers College, Columbia University. Breaking from the tradition of giving this prestigious award to an individual, 26 independent schools received the 2006 award. Past recipients include William Durden, Diane Ravitch, Robert Coles, and Howard Gardner. In 2007, the Johns Hopkins University Center for Summer Learning awarded Breakthrough Collaborative and its affiliate site in Pittsburgh, with the Excellence in Summer Learning Award for exemplary mission, performance, and infrastructure in out-of-school academic support. Breakthrough at Hong Kong is called Summerbridge Hong Kong. Summerbridge Hong Kong is the only site outside of the United States. A key difference is that at Summerbridge Hong Kong, teachers teach self-designed topics with support from the Dean of Faculty. A typical day for a Summerbridge Hong Kong student consists of morning all-school meeting (ASM), classes in the morning, lunch with teachers, and extracurricular time..comment Breakthrough Collaborative (formerly Summerbridge National) is the umbrella organization of a collaborative of programs across the United States and in Hong Kong that aim to effect positive change in urban schools. Breakthrough offers high-potential, under-served middle school students the opportunity to participate in rigorous academic enrichment programs throughout the summer and school year. Students make a commitment to participate in the program through middle school and high school and in turn, Breakthrough provides many services to students and their families, ranging from academic enrichment to one-on-one tutoring to high school and college preparation. Additionally, all Breakthrough classes are taught by talented, high-achieving high school and college students from around the cou.
17/22	==DB== Breakthrough therapy.Breakthrough therapy is a United States Food and Drug Administration designation that expedites drug development. Section 902 of the July 9, 2012 Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, allows the FDA to grant priority review to drug candidates if preliminary clinical trials indicate that the therapy may offer substantial treatment advantages over existing options for patients with serious or life-threatening diseases. A breakthrough therapy designation can be assigned to a drug if "it as a drug which is intended alone or in combination with one or more other drugs to treat a serious or life threatening disease or condition" and if the preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development." Critics complain that most of these drugs are not actually “breakthroughs,” because they are based on preliminary evidence, including changes in surrogate markers such as laboratory measurements, that often don't reflect "meaningful clinical benefit." Even when they do, many of these benefits are not eventually confirmed in large clinical trials. And calling a drug a "breakthrough" drug gives the drug a marketing advantage which makes people believe that it is more effective than it actually is. According to the FDA, in 2013 breakthrough therapy designations were assigned to obinutuzumab (tradename Gazyva) by Hoffmann-La Roche for treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia, ibrutinib and sofosbuvir. In 2014 ivacaftor, ofatumumab, pimavanserin, ceritinib, idelalisib, ibrutinib (2nd approval), eltrombopag, pembrolizumab, ledipasvir/sofosbuvir, nintedanib, pirfenidone, blinatumomab, Viekira Pak (a combination product of three antiviral drugs, ombitasvir, paritaprevir, ritonavir in combination use with the drug dasabuvir) and nivolumab received the breakthrough therapy designation. In 2015, ibrutinib (3rd approval) and palbociclib received FDA breakthrough therapy designation; in 2016, the investigational antidepressant rapastinel..comment Breakthrough therapy is a United States Food and Drug Administration designation that expedites drug development. Section 902 of the July 9, 2012 Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, allows the FDA to grant priority review to drug candidates if preliminary clinical trials indicate that the therapy may offer substantial treatment advantages over existing options for patients with serious or life-threatening diseases..
18/22	==DB== Breakthrough.length 2359.0.artist Don Pullen-George Adams Quartet.lastAlbum The Sixth Sense.nextAlbum Song Everlasting.recorded 1986-04-30.Breakthrough (George Adams & Don Pullen album).Breakthrough is an album by the Don Pullen-George Adams Quartet recorded in 1986 for the Blue Note label..comment Breakthrough is an album by the Don Pullen-George Adams Quartet recorded in 1986 for the Blue Note label..
19/22	==DB== Breakthrough.genre *.producer *.length 2947.0.released 2009-08-25.lastAlbum Coco.nextAlbum All of You.Breakthrough (Colbie Caillat album).Breakthrough is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Colbie Caillat. The album was released on August 19, 2009 through Universal Republic Records. The follow-up to her successful debut album, Coco (2007), Breakthrough was developed in late 2008 when Caillat returned to her home after two years on tour, with the singer setting up a "writing camp" with songwriters and producers in Hawaii and writing over 40 songs for the record. Inspired by the fact that she was trying to find herself again and breaking the creativity chains that surrounded her, Breakthrough deals with themes of growing up, experiencing life, love, making mistakes and learning from them, as well as heartbreak and why everlasting love seems elusive. To help develop her expected sound and lyrics, Caillat worked with previous collaborators, such as Mikal Blue, Ken Caillat and Jason Reeves, while working for the first time with Kara Dioguardi, Rick Nowels, John Shanks and Greg Wells. Breakthrough received generally mixed to favorable reviews from contemporary music critics, with some praising its rich texture and for being a consistent album with catchy tracks, while others dismissing its title and finding issues with some of the song's lyrics. The album was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 52nd Grammy Awards. Commercially, it was successful in the United States, debuting at number one on the Billboard 200, selling 106,000 copies in its first week, becoming her first album to top the Billboard charts. Elsewhere, it reached the top-ten in four countries, while failing to replicate the success of her debut album in other territories. The album produced two singles. The first single, "Fallin' for You", was released on June 29, 2009 and was a success on the Billboard Hot 100, reaching number twelve, while also finding success on the Adult radio. Elsewhere, it was a moderate hit. The second single, "I Never Told You", was released on February 16, 2010, and found similar success on the Adult charts, while being more moderate on the Billboard Hot 100. To promote the record, Caillat embarked on her Breakthrough World Tour (2009-2010)..comment Breakthrough is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Colbie Caillat. The album was released on August 19, 2009 through Universal Republic Records. The follow-up to her successful debut album, Coco (2007), Breakthrough was developed in late 2008 when Caillat returned to her home after two years on tour, with the singer setting up a "writing camp" with songwriters and producers in Hawaii and writing over 40 songs for the record..
20/22	==DB== Breakthrough Initiatives.Breakthrough Initiatives is a program founded in 2015 and funded by Yuri Milner to search for extraterrestrial intelligence over a span of at least 10 years. The program is divided into multiple projects. Breakthrough Listen will comprise an effort to search over 1,000,000 stars for artificial radio or laser signals. A parallel project called Breakthrough Message is an effort to create a message "representative of humanity and planet Earth". The project Breakthrough Starshot aims to send a swarm of probes to the nearest star at about 20% the speed of light..comment Breakthrough Initiatives is a program founded in 2015 and funded by Yuri Milner to search for extraterrestrial intelligence over a span of at least 10 years. The program is divided into multiple projects. Breakthrough Listen will comprise an effort to search over 1,000,000 stars for artificial radio or laser signals. A parallel project called Breakthrough Message is an effort to create a message "representative of humanity and planet Earth". The project Breakthrough Starshot aims to send a swarm of probes to the nearest star at about 20% the speed of light..
21/22	==DB== Breakthrough (human rights).Breakthrough is a global human rights organization working to end violence against women and girls..comment Breakthrough is a global human rights organization working to end violence against women and girls..
22/22	==DB== Breakthrough (military).A breakthrough occurs when an offensive force has broken the enemy defensive line, and is rapidly exploiting the gap. Usually, large force is employed on a relatively small portion of the front to achieve this. While the line may have held for a long while prior to the breakthrough, the breakthrough marks a relatively small time frame where the pressure on the defender leads him to "snap" in a very short time span. As the first unit breaks, the adjacent units suffer adverse results from this (spreading panic, additional defensive angles, threat to supply lines) and, since they were already pressured as well, leads them to "snap" as well, causing a domino-style collapse of the defensive system. The defensive force thus evaporates at the breakthrough point, giving the attacker the option to rapidly move troops into the gap, exploiting the breakthrough in width (by attacking enemy units at the edge of the breakthrough, so widening it), in depth (advancing into enemy territory and strategic objectives), or a combination of both..comment A breakthrough occurs when an offensive force has broken the enemy defensive line, and is rapidly exploiting the gap. Usually, large force is employed on a relatively small portion of the front to achieve this. While the line may have held for a long while prior to the breakthrough, the breakthrough marks a relatively small time frame where the pressure on the defender leads him to "snap" in a very short time span..
===116	breathe in	5
1/5	==DB== Breathe In.genre CCM, Worship, Inspirational.producer Bernie Herms,.length 2633.0.released 2012-03-13.lastAlbum Hope for All the World.Breathe In (Phillips, Craig and Dean album).Breathe In is the twelfth studio album from Christian Contemporary-Worship trio Phillips, Craig and Dean. It was released on March 13, 2012 on the Fair Trade Services label, and was produced by Bernie Herms and Nathan Nockels. The album has garnered positive reviews from the critics and the album has achieved commercial success as indicated by the charting positions..comment Breathe In is the twelfth studio album from Christian Contemporary-Worship trio Phillips, Craig and Dean. It was released on March 13, 2012 on the Fair Trade Services label, and was produced by Bernie Herms and Nathan Nockels. The album has garnered positive reviews from the critics and the album has achieved commercial success as indicated by the charting positions..
2/5	==DB== Breathe In.producer Mark Roybal.producer Jonathan Schwartz.writer Drake Doremus.runtime 5820.0.gross 298445.0.Breathe In (film).Breathe In is a 2013 American romantic drama film co-written with Ben York Jones and directed by Drake Doremus and starring Guy Pearce, Felicity Jones, and Amy Ryan. The film is about a high school music teacher who has an affair with a foreign exchange student from England who is his daughter's age, due to his disillusion with his life and their shared love of music. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 19, 2013—the director's third film to play at the festival..comment Breathe In is a 2013 American romantic drama film co-written with Ben York Jones and directed by Drake Doremus and starring Guy Pearce, Felicity Jones, and Amy Ryan. The film is about a high school music teacher who has an affair with a foreign exchange student from England who is his daughter's age, due to his disillusion with his life and their shared love of music. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 19, 2013—the director's third film to play at the festival..
3/5	==SS== To inhale.
4/5	==DB== Breathe In.length 2972.0.length 2762.0.length 6105.0.released --03-29.released --10-11.lastAlbum Forget Me Not (EP).nextAlbum The Same Side.Breathe In (Lucie Silvas album).Breathe In is the second studio album (though the first to be released) by the British pop singer-songwriter Lucie Silvas, released by Mercury Records on 11 October 2004 in the United Kingdom. It was released in the Netherlands on 29 March 2005 and worldwide in April 2006. The majority of the album was co-written by Silvas with Judie Tzuke, whom Silvas had previously been a backing singer for. The album also features a cover of Metallica's song "Nothing Else Matters" which was released as a single in Europe..comment Breathe In is the second studio album (though the first to be released) by the British pop singer-songwriter Lucie Silvas, released by Mercury Records on 11 October 2004 in the United Kingdom. It was released in the Netherlands on 29 March 2005 and worldwide in April 2006. The majority of the album was co-written by Silvas with Judie Tzuke, whom Silvas had previously been a backing singer for. The album also features a cover of Metallica's song "Nothing Else Matters" which was released as a single in Europe..
5/5	==DB== Breathe In.writer Mike Peden.writer Lucie Silvas,.writer Judie Tzuke,.writer Graham Kearns,.length 230.0.released 2005-01-17.recorded London, 2004.bSide "Magpies".bSide "This Isn't Like Me".lastSingle "What You're Made of".nextSingle "The Game Is Won".Breathe In (song).Breathe In is the second single from the début album of the same title by English singer-songwriter Lucie Silvas..comment Breathe In is the second single from the début album of the same title by English singer-songwriter Lucie Silvas..
===117	broken down	4
1/4	==DB== Broken Down.length 203.0.released 2004-01-20.lastSingle "Enemy".nextSingle "Face to Face".Broken Down (song)."Broken Down" is official second single off album Seasons by the American heavy metal band Sevendust which was released in 2004..comment "Broken Down" is official second single off album Seasons by the American heavy metal band Sevendust which was released in 2004..
2/4	==DB== Empire State of Mind  Broken Down.writer *.writer * Bert Keyes * Jane't Sewell-Ulepic.length 216.0.released --02-22.bSide "We're Almost There".lastSingle "Put It in a Love Song".nextSingle "Un-Thinkable (I'm Ready)".Empire State of Mind (Part II) Broken Down."Empire State of Mind (Part II) Broken Down" is a song performed by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It is an answer song to the Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit "Empire State of Mind" by Jay-Z, on which Keys is featured. It was only officially released in the United Kingdom as the second single from her 2009 album The Element of Freedom although it gained international airplay and download sales. Before the official release date of "Empire State of Mind (Part II) Broken Down", it climbed as high as number four on the UK Singles Chart on downloads alone. The success of the song from a high volume of album downloads, led to the song being announced as the second single from The Element of Freedom in the UK. The single was released on February 22, 2010. It also appears on the soundtrack for Sex and the City 2. Keys and "Empire State of Mind (Part II) Broken Down" are featured on new HP Beats Commercial..comment "Empire State of Mind (Part II) Broken Down" is a song performed by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It is an answer song to the Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit "Empire State of Mind" by Jay-Z, on which Keys is featured. It was only officially released in the United Kingdom as the second single from her 2009 album The Element of Freedom although it gained international airplay and download sales..
3/4	==SS== 
4/4	==DB== Broken Down: The EP.length 1605.0.lastAlbum Fireproof.nextAlbum Where Do We Go from Here.Broken Down: The EP.Broken Down: The EP is the third release on Flicker Records by Christian rock band Pillar. It features a demo version of the hit song "Bring Me Down" as well as live acoustic versions and studio acoustic versions of songs on Pillar's second album, Fireproof..comment Broken Down: The EP is the third release on Flicker Records by Christian rock band Pillar. It features a demo version of the hit song "Bring Me Down" as well as live acoustic versions and studio acoustic versions of songs on Pillar's second album, Fireproof..
===118	building up	4
1/4	==DB== Glacier ice buildup.
2/4	==SS== 
3/4	==DB== Capital buildup.
4/4	==DB== Atomic buildup.
===119	burn out	11
1/11	==DB== Burnout (clothing).
2/11	==DB== Burnout.location Funfields.Burnout (ride).Burnout is a Chance Rides Trabant amusement ride at Funfields. It was originally located at Dreamworld on the Gold Coast from 1983 until 2012 where it was known as the Roulette and Stingray. The ride was rethemed and relocated to Funfields in time for an opening on 23 November 2012..comment Burnout is a Chance Rides Trabant amusement ride at Funfields. It was originally located at Dreamworld on the Gold Coast from 1983 until 2012 where it was known as the Roulette and Stingray. The ride was rethemed and relocated to Funfields in time for an opening on 23 November 2012..
3/11	==DB== Burnout (series).Burnout is a series of high-speed racing games for the PlayStation 2, GameCube, Xbox, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 game consoles. A Microsoft Windows version of the latest installment in the series Burnout Paradise, was also released. The game series was developed by Criterion Games and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the first two games and later Electronic Arts from the third game onwards. Burnout and Burnout 2: Point of Impact received critical acclaim and a large fanbase in Europe, as well as an underground following in the US. It was not until the release of Burnout 3: Takedown that the series gained mass appeal to US players. In April 2013, Alex Ward said that Criterion was steering away from the racing genre, placing the future of the series into questions..comment Burnout is a series of high-speed racing games for the PlayStation 2, GameCube, Xbox, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 game consoles. A Microsoft Windows version of the latest installment in the series Burnout Paradise, was also released. The game series was developed by Criterion Games and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the first two games and later Electronic Arts from the third game onwards. Burnout and Burnout 2: Point of Impact received critical acclaim and a large fanbase in Europe, as well as an underground following in the US. It was not until the release of Burnout 3: Takedown that the series gained mass appeal to US players. In April 2013, Alex Ward said that Criterion was steering away from the racing genre, placing the future of the series .
4/11	==DB== Burnout.lastAlbum American Lo Fi.Burnout (album).Burnout is the third album by Canadian band Ox, released in 2009. The album was released by Weewerk with distribution by Outside Music. It was recorded in Vancouver at The Upstairs Sound Lab/Profile during the Winter season of 2007. The record reached #5 across Canada on the campus radio Earshot chart and #1 on its Folk/Roots chart. The CD edition includes two video productions by John Alden Milne for the songs "Prom Queen" and "Unknown Legend". Both videos were filmed in Sudbury, Canada. "Unknown Legend" featured the interior of what is now Cosmic Dave's Vinyl Emporium, a record store and venue in the Donovan neighbourhood of Sudbury..comment Burnout is the third album by Canadian band Ox, released in 2009. The album was released by Weewerk with distribution by Outside Music. It was recorded in Vancouver at The Upstairs Sound Lab/Profile during the Winter season of 2007. The record reached #5 across Canada on the campus radio Earshot chart and #1 on its Folk/Roots chart..
5/11	==DB== Burnout.length 2085.0.released 2013-06-04.lastAlbum The Words You Don't Swallow.Burnout (Anarbor album).Burnout is the second studio album by alternative rock band Anarbor released by Hopeless Records. It was released on June 4, 2013. It peaked at #40 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart. This was the last album to include guitarist Mike Kitlas and drummer Greg Garrity before their departure from the band in 2013..comment Burnout is the second studio album by alternative rock band Anarbor released by Hopeless Records. It was released on June 4, 2013. It peaked at #40 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart. This was the last album to include guitarist Mike Kitlas and drummer Greg Garrity before their departure from the band in 2013..
6/11	==DB== title Burnout.series Burnout.Burnout (video game).Burnout is a racing game that was developed by Criterion Games and published by Acclaim Entertainment. It was released for the PlayStation 2 in North America on 1 November 2001 and in Europe on 16 November 2001. The GameCube and Xbox versions were released a year later in North America on 29 April 2002 and in Europe on 3 May 2002. Burnout was the first in a series of high-speed racing games noted for over the top crashes and high risk gameplay mechanics. The game's success led to several sequels..comment Burnout is a racing game that was developed by Criterion Games and published by Acclaim Entertainment. It was released for the PlayStation 2 in North America on 1 November 2001 and in Europe on 16 November 2001. The GameCube and Xbox versions were released a year later in North America on 29 April 2002 and in Europe on 3 May 2002. Burnout was the first in a series of high-speed racing games noted for over the top crashes and high risk gameplay mechanics. The game's success led to several sequels..
7/11	==DB== characterName Burnout.Burnout (comics).Robert "Bobby" Lane is the fictional superhero Burnout from Wildstorm Comics. He is best known as a member of the controversial superhero team Gen¹³..comment Robert "Bobby" Lane is the fictional superhero Burnout from Wildstorm Comics. He is best known as a member of the controversial superhero team Gen¹³..
8/11	==SS== (of a person) The condition of tiredness due to overwork.
9/11	==DB== Burnout (vehicle).A burnout (also known as a peel out or power brake) is the practice of keeping a vehicle stationary and spinning its wheels, causing the tires to heat up and smoke due to friction..comment A burnout (also known as a peel out or power brake) is the practice of keeping a vehicle stationary and spinning its wheels, causing the tires to heat up and smoke due to friction..
10/11	==SS== To become extinguished due to lack of fuel.''The candle finally '''burned out'''.'' 
11/11	==DB== Occupational burnout.The term burnout in psychology was coined by Herbert Freudenberger in his 1974 Staff burnout, presumably based on the 1960 novel A Burnt-Out Case by Graham Greene, which describes a protagonist suffering from burnout. More recently the term brownout has been used in the business world to describe a less serious version of burnout. It refers to staff who are disengaged and demotivated in their job role. Occupational burnout is typically and particularly found within human service professions. Professions with high levels of burnout include social workers, nurses, teachers, lawyers, engineers, medical practitioners, customer service representatives, and police officers. One reason why burnout is so prevalent within the human services field is due in part to the high-stress work environment and emotional demands of the job. Maslach and her colleague, Michael Leiter, defined the antithesis of burnout as engagement. Engagement is characterized by energy, involvement and efficacy, the opposites of exhaustion, cynicism and inefficacy. Bakker et al. (2014) in Burnout and Work Engagement: The JD–R Approach makes the same argument as Leiter..comment The term burnout in psychology was coined by Herbert Freudenberger in his 1974 Staff burnout, presumably based on the 1960 novel A Burnt-Out Case by Graham Greene, which describes a protagonist suffering from burnout. More recently the term brownout has been used in the business world to describe a less serious version of burnout. It refers to staff who are disengaged and demotivated in their job role..
===120	buy back	4
1/4	==DB== Buyback contract.
2/4	==SS== to purchase something already sold, misplaced, destroyed or given away''Investors have already started '''buying back''' shares they had sold last year in an effort to increase their profits.'' 
3/4	==SS== 
4/4	==DB== Stock buyback.
===121	buy in	4
1/4	==SS== To accept an idea as valid; to join in on a concept.
2/4	==DB== Buying in (poker).In poker and gaming "buying in" is the process of entering a tournament that requires an up-front payment. The size of the payment, otherwise known as the "buy in", determines the total winning prize pool and also contains a fee, otherwise known as the rake, that is paid to the house. For example, a 50-person capacity tournament could cost $55 entry per player. In poker terms, this could be presented as "$50+$5", meaning $50 goes to the prize pool to pay the eventual winners and $5 (10%) goes to the house for hosting the tournament. In this example, the prize pool would contain $2500 and the house would take a total of $250 (also 10%)..comment In poker and gaming "buying in" is the process of entering a tournament that requires an up-front payment. The size of the payment, otherwise known as the "buy in", determines the total winning prize pool and also contains a fee, otherwise known as the rake, that is paid to the house..
3/4	==DB== Buying in (securities).In the securities market buying in refers to a process by which the buyer of securities, whose seller fails to deliver the securities contracted for, can 'buy in' the securities from a third party with the defaulting seller to make good..comment In the securities market buying in refers to a process by which the buyer of securities, whose seller fails to deliver the securities contracted for, can 'buy in' the securities from a third party with the defaulting seller to make good..
4/4	==SS== 
===122	call back	7
1/7	==SS== To request someone's return.
2/7	==DB== Callback (comedy).A callback, in terms of comedy, is a joke which refers to one previously told in the set. The second joke is often presented in a different context than the one which was used in the initial joke. Callbacks are usually used at or near the end of a set, as the aim is to create the biggest laugh at the end of a comic set. The main principle behind the callback is to make the audience feel a sense of familiarity with the subject matter, as well as with the comedian. It helps to create audience rapport. When the second joke is told, it induces a feeling similar to that of being told a personal or in-joke..comment A callback, in terms of comedy, is a joke which refers to one previously told in the set. The second joke is often presented in a different context than the one which was used in the initial joke. Callbacks are usually used at or near the end of a set, as the aim is to create the biggest laugh at the end of a comic set. The main principle behind the callback is to make the audience feel a sense of familiarity with the subject matter, as well as with the comedian. It helps to create audience rapport. When the second joke is told, it induces a feeling similar to that of being told a personal or in-joke..
3/7	==DB== Callback verification.Callback verification, also known as callout verification or Sender Address Verification, is a technique used by SMTP software in order to validate e-mail addresses. The most common target of verification is the sender address from the message envelope (the address specified during the SMTP dialogue as "MAIL FROM"). It is mostly used as an anti-spam measure..comment Callback verification, also known as callout verification or Sender Address Verification, is a technique used by SMTP software in order to validate e-mail addresses. The most common target of verification is the sender address from the message envelope (the address specified during the SMTP dialogue as "MAIL FROM"). It is mostly used as an anti-spam measure..
4/7	==DB== Web callback.Web callback is a technology where a person can enter his or her telephone number in a form on a web site. The company who owns that Web site will then receive the Web callback request and a call center agent will call the person who made the request back on the number they entered. In some implementations, the Web callback service provider will place outgoing calls to the owner of the web site, and the user, then connect the calls together. An alternative approach is for the web site owner to receive a SMS text message, so they can initiate the call to the web site user. Some Web callback service providers allow the callback form to be embedded into the web site, sometimes matching the look and feel of the existing site. Others simply add a hyperlink to the site, which is linked to the service providers own site..comment Web callback is a technology where a person can enter his or her telephone number in a form on a web site. The company who owns that Web site will then receive the Web callback request and a call center agent will call the person who made the request back on the number they entered. In some implementations, the Web callback service provider will place outgoing calls to the owner of the web site, and the user, then connect the calls together. An alternative approach is for the web site owner to receive a SMS text message, so they can initiate the call to the web site user..
5/7	==DB== Callback (computer programming).In computer programming, a callback is a piece of executable code that is passed as an argument to other code, which is expected to call back (execute) the argument at some convenient time. The invocation may be immediate as in a synchronous callback, or it might happen at a later time as in an asynchronous callback. In all cases, the intention is to specify a function or subroutine as an entity that is, depending on the language, more or less similar to a variable. Programming languages support callbacks in different ways, often implementing them with subroutines, lambda expressions, blocks, or function pointers..comment In computer programming, a callback is a piece of executable code that is passed as an argument to other code, which is expected to call back (execute) the argument at some convenient time. The invocation may be immediate as in a synchronous callback, or it might happen at a later time as in an asynchronous callback. In all cases, the intention is to specify a function or subroutine as an entity that is, depending on the language, more or less similar to a variable..
6/7	==DB== Callback (telecommunications).In telecommunications, a callback (also written as call-back) occurs when the originator of a call is immediately called back in a second call as a response..comment In telecommunications, a callback (also written as call-back) occurs when the originator of a call is immediately called back in a second call as a response..
7/7	==SS== Request for a second interview or audition, following a successful initial interview.
===123	call out	4
1/4	==SS== An incidence of someone being summoned for some purpose.''I had to pay for the '''call out''' of the plumber after the pipe burst.'' 
2/4	==DB== Callout.In publishing, a call-out or callout is a short string of text connected by a line, arrow, or similar graphic to a feature of an illustration or technical drawing, and giving information about that feature. The term is also used to describe a short piece of text set in larger type than the rest of the page and intended to attract attention. A similar device in word processing is a special text box with or without a small "tail" that can be pointed to different locations on a document. In the utility industries, a callout is an instruction to report for emergency or special work at an unusual time or place..comment In publishing, a call-out or callout is a short string of text connected by a line, arrow, or similar graphic to a feature of an illustration or technical drawing, and giving information about that feature. The term is also used to describe a short piece of text set in larger type than the rest of the page and intended to attract attention. A similar device in word processing is a special text box with or without a small "tail" that can be pointed to different locations on a document..
3/4	==SS== To specify, especially in detail.''They '''call out''' 304 stainless steel in the drawing, but the part was made from aluminum.'' 
4/4	==DB== Call Out.length 202.0.released 2010-06-14.format 7.0.lastSingle "Tracing Lines / Silent Cry".nextSingle "Renegades".Call Out."Call Out" is a song by Feeder, released as the group's first single from their seventh album Renegades in 2010. The single was given no airplay attention with the music video only available to see on the band's website for a limited time and on YouTube. At first the single was going to be released on a CD format, but due to a lack of interest in the single from the media the CD format was cancelled with the track then given away free online as a download, this was then followed by the release of the single on 1,000 limited pressings on the 7" vinyl format. The b-side "Fallen", appears as an instrumental while the league table is shown on Match of the Day and on the special edition of Renegades..comment "Call Out" is a song by Feeder, released as the group's first single from their seventh album Renegades in 2010. The single was given no airplay attention with the music video only available to see on the band's website for a limited time and on YouTube. At first the single was going to be released on a CD format, but due to a lack of interest in the single from the media the CD format was cancelled with the track then given away free online as a download, this was then followed by the release of the single on 1,000 limited pressings on the 7" vinyl format. The b-side "Fallen", appears as an instrumental while the league table is shown on Match of the Day and on the special edition of Renegades..
===124	calm down	4
1/4	==DB== Calm Down.writer Jesse Hooper.writer Adam Pedretti.writer Warren Jenkin.released 2004-09-24.recorded Australia, 2004.lastSingle "I Am".Calm Down (Killing Heidi song)."Calm Down" is Killing Heidi's eighth single released and the second single from their third self-titled album Killing Heidi. The song was the #1 most added song to Australian radio during the week of its release. Lead singer Ella Hooper said of the song, "it's about [having] a big crush [on someone]". The video was shot in the grand open spaces of Broken Hill, New South Wales..comment "Calm Down" is Killing Heidi's eighth single released and the second single from their third self-titled album Killing Heidi. The song was the #1 most added song to Australian radio during the week of its release. Lead singer Ella Hooper said of the song, "it's about [having] a big crush [on someone]". The video was shot in the grand open spaces of Broken Hill, New South Wales..
2/4	==SS== To become less excited, intense, or angry.'''''Calm down''' before you hurt somebody.'' 
3/4	==DB== Calm Down (G-Eazy song).
4/4	==DB== Calm Down.producer Scoop DeVille, Eminem.writer Marshall Mathers, Elijah Molina, Earl Nelson, Bobby Relf, Trevor Smith.The Conglomerate Entertainment, Empire Distribution.released 2014-07-01.artist Busta Rhymes featuring Eminem.lastSingle "Thank You".Calm Down (Busta Rhymes song)."Calm Down" is a song by American rapper Busta Rhymes, released as the third single from his upcoming tenth studio album, E.L.E.2 (Extinction Level Event 2). The song features American rapper Eminem and was produced by Scoop DeVille. It was released for digital download on July 1, 2014 by The Conglomerate Entertainment and Empire Distribution..comment "Calm Down" is a song by American rapper Busta Rhymes, released as the third single from his upcoming tenth studio album, E.L.E.2 (Extinction Level Event 2). The song features American rapper Eminem and was produced by Scoop DeVille. It was released for digital download on July 1, 2014 by The Conglomerate Entertainment and Empire Distribution..
===125	carry on	18
1/18	==DB== Carry On.producer Joel Bernstein and Graham Nash with Stephen Stills.type Box set.released 2013-02-12.Carry On (Stephen Stills album).Carry On is a 4-CD career retrospective box set by Stephen Stills (not to be confused with the CSN compilation released in 1991). It features highlights from his career as a solo artist and with groups including The Au Go Go Singers, Buffalo Springfield, Manassas, and various permutations of CSN&Y. The tracks are arranged in general chronological order of release. The album also includes previously-unreleased material. The album was compiled by Graham Nash, who also compiled box sets for himself and for David Crosby..comment Carry On is a 4-CD career retrospective box set by Stephen Stills (not to be confused with the CSN compilation released in 1991). It features highlights from his career as a solo artist and with groups including The Au Go Go Singers, Buffalo Springfield, Manassas, and various permutations of CSN&Y. The tracks are arranged in general chronological order of release. The album also includes previously-unreleased material. The album was compiled by Graham Nash, who also compiled box sets for himself and for David Crosby..
2/18	==DB== The Carry On EP.genre *.producer Jaret Reddick, Ryan Hamliton, Linus of Hollywood.length 1404.0.released --03-26.released --02-13.released --11-24.nextAlbum The Summer and the Fall.Carry On (EP).The Carry On EP is the debut extended play released by People on Vacation, a supergroup composed of Ryan Hamilton from indie rock band Smile Smile and Jaret Reddick from pop punk band Bowling for Soup. The EP was released on November 24, 2011, in the United States both on CD and as a digital download. The EP was released in the United Kingdom for download on February 13, 2012, and was released on CD as a split with Bowling for Soup bassist Erik Chandler's solo project on March 26, 2012. The group released their full-length album, The Summer and the Fall, on November 22, 2012, featuring the same recordings of "Rainy Day," "It's Not Love," and "Where Do We Go" from The Carry on EP..comment The Carry On EP is the debut extended play released by People on Vacation, a supergroup composed of Ryan Hamilton from indie rock band Smile Smile and Jaret Reddick from pop punk band Bowling for Soup. The EP was released on November 24, 2011, in the United States both on CD and as a digital download. The EP was released in the United Kingdom for download on February 13, 2012, and was released on CD as a split with Bowling for Soup bassist Erik Chandler's solo project on March 26, 2012. The group released their full-length album, The Summer and the Fall, on November 22, 2012, featuring the same recordings of "Rainy Day," "It's Not Love," and "Where Do We Go" from The Carry on EP..
3/18	==DB== Carry On.length 2485.0.lastAlbum In the Spirit of Things.nextAlbum Live at the Whisky.Carry On (Kansas album).Carry On is the second compilation from American rock band Kansas, released in 1992 (see 1992 in music). It was later repackaged and re-released in 2005 as On the Other Side (see below), although the track selection and order did not change..comment Carry On is the second compilation from American rock band Kansas, released in 1992 (see 1992 in music). It was later repackaged and re-released in 2005 as On the Other Side (see below), although the track selection and order did not change..
4/18	==DB== Keep Calm and Carry On.Keep Calm and Carry On was a motivational poster produced by the British government in 1939 in preparation for the Second World War. The poster was intended to raise the morale of the British public, threatened with widely predicted mass air attacks on major cities. Although 2.45 million copies were printed, and although the Blitz did in fact take place, the poster was hardly ever publicly displayed and was little known until a copy was rediscovered in 2000 at Barter Books, a bookshop in Alnwick. It has since been re-issued by a number of private companies, and has been used as the decorative theme for a range of products. It was thought that only two original copies survived until a collection of approximately 15 was brought in to the Antiques Roadshow in 2012 by the daughter of an ex-Royal Observer Corps member..comment Keep Calm and Carry On was a motivational poster produced by the British government in 1939 in preparation for the Second World War. The poster was intended to raise the morale of the British public, threatened with widely predicted mass air attacks on major cities. Although 2.45 million copies were printed, and although the Blitz did in fact take place, the poster was hardly ever publicly displayed and was little known until a copy was rediscovered in 2000 at Barter Books, a bookshop in Alnwick. It has since been re-issued by a number of private companies, and has been used as the decorative theme for a range of products..
5/18	==DB== Carry On.producer Jeff Bhasker.length 234.0.length 278.0.released 2012-10-23.lastSingle "Some Nights".nextSingle "Why Am I the One".Carry On (Fun song)."Carry On" is a song by American indie band fun. It was released on 23 October 2012 as the third single off their second album, Some Nights. The song was written by the band members, Nate Ruess, Andrew Dost, Jack Antonoff, alongside the album's producer, Jeff Bhasker. It is also featured in the HGTV 2013 #LoveHome commercial and in the pilot episode of FX series Legit. The song is also featured in the 2013 documentary Bridegroom. Alvin and the Chipmunks covered the song for the 2015 live stage tour Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Musical..comment "Carry On" is a song by American indie band fun. It was released on 23 October 2012 as the third single off their second album, Some Nights. The song was written by the band members, Nate Ruess, Andrew Dost, Jack Antonoff, alongside the album's producer, Jeff Bhasker. It is also featured in the HGTV 2013 #LoveHome commercial and in the pilot episode of FX series Legit. The song is also featured in the 2013 documentary Bridegroom. Alvin and the Chipmunks covered the song for the 2015 live stage tour Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Musical..
6/18	==DB== Carry On Wayward Son.producer Jeff Glixman, Kansas.length 5.bSide "Questions of My Childhood".Carry On Wayward Son."Carry On Wayward Son" is a single recorded by Kansas and written by Kerry Livgren for their 1976 album Leftoverture. In 1977, the song peaked at No. 11 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming their first Top 40 hit. The song was certified Gold by the RIAA on December 18, 1990, and has also sold over 2 million downloads in the digital era..comment "Carry On Wayward Son" is a single recorded by Kansas and written by Kerry Livgren for their 1976 album Leftoverture. In 1977, the song peaked at No. 11 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming their first Top 40 hit. The song was certified Gold by the RIAA on December 18, 1990, and has also sold over 2 million downloads in the digital era..
7/18	==DB== Carry On.runtime 166560.0.starring Kenneth Connor.starring Patsy Rowlands.starring Leslie Phillips.starring And The Other Cast....music Kenneth Williams.Carry On (franchise).The Carry On franchise primarily consists of a sequence of 31 low-budget British comedy motion pictures (1958–92), four Christmas specials, a television series of thirteen episodes, and three West End and provincial stage plays. The films' humour was in the British comic tradition of the music hall and bawdy seaside postcards. Producer Peter Rogers and director Gerald Thomas drew on a regular group of actors, the Carry On team, that included Sidney James, Kenneth Williams, Charles Hawtrey, Joan Sims, Kenneth Connor, Peter Butterworth, Hattie Jacques, Terry Scott, Bernard Bresslaw, Barbara Windsor, Jack Douglas and Jim Dale. The Carry On series contains the largest number of films of any British series; and, next to the James Bond films, it is the second-longest continually running UK film series although with a fourteen-year break (1978–92). Anglo Amalgamated Film Distributors Ltd produced twelve films (1958–66), and the Rank Organisation made the remaining nineteen (1967–92). Producer Peter Rogers and director Gerald Thomas made all 31 films, usually on time and to a strict budget, and often employed the same crew. Between 1958 and 1992, the series employed seven writers, most often Norman Hudis (1958–62) and Talbot Rothwell (1963–74). In between the films, Rogers and Thomas produced four Christmas specials in 1969, 1970, 1972 and 1973, a thirteen episode television series in 1975 and various West End stage shows which later toured the regions. All the films were made at Pinewood Studios near Iver Heath, Buckinghamshire. Budgetary constraints meant that a large proportion of the location filming was undertaken close to the studios in and around south Buckinghamshire, including areas of Berkshire and Middlesex. However, by the late-1960s (at the height of the franchise's success) more ambitious plots occasionally necessitated locations further afield, which included Snowdonia National Park, Wales (with the foot of Mount Snowdon acting as the Khyber Pass in Carry On Up the Khyber), and the beaches of the Sussex coast doubling as Saharan sand dunes in Follow That Camel..comment The Carry On franchise primarily consists of a sequence of 31 low-budget British comedy motion pictures (1958–92), four Christmas specials, a television series of thirteen episodes, and three West End and provincial stage plays. The films' humour was in the British comic tradition of the music hall and bawdy seaside postcards. Producer Peter Rogers and director Gerald Thomas drew on a regular group of actors, the Carry On team, that included Sidney James, Kenneth Williams, Charles Hawtrey, Joan Sims, Kenneth Connor, Peter Butterworth, Hattie Jacques, Terry Scott, Bernard Bresslaw, Barbara Windsor, Jack Douglas and Jim Dale..
8/18	==DB== Carry On.producer Graham Nash, Gerry Tolman.released 1991-12-02.lastAlbum CSN.nextAlbum After the Storm.Carry On (Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young album).Carry On is the twelfth album by Crosby, Stills & Nash, issued on Atlantic Records in 1991, generally for the European and Australian markets (and not to be confused with the Stephen Stills box set released in 2013). It is a two-disc sampler of their four-disc box set, CSN, released two months previously in the United States and the United Kingdom. It features material spanning 1968 through 1990 from their catalogue of recordings as a group in addition to selections from Crosby & Nash, Manassas, and their individual solo albums. It was reissued on 30 June 1998 on the WEA International record label..comment Carry On is the twelfth album by Crosby, Stills & Nash, issued on Atlantic Records in 1991, generally for the European and Australian markets (and not to be confused with the Stephen Stills box set released in 2013). It is a two-disc sampler of their four-disc box set, CSN, released two months previously in the United States and the United Kingdom. It features material spanning 1968 through 1990 from their catalogue of recordings as a group in addition to selections from Crosby & Nash, Manassas, and their individual solo albums. It was reissued on 30 June 1998 on the WEA International record label..
9/18	==DB== Carry On.publisher St. Martin's Press.pages 528.isbn 1250049555.mediaType Print , Audiobook.Carry On (novel).Carry On: The Rise and Fall of Simon Snow is the third young adult novel written by Rainbow Rowell, published in 2015. The story follows the final year of magical schooling for Simon Snow, the "Chosen One" of the magical world prophesied to defeat the Insidious Humdrum, an evil force that has been wreaking havoc on the World of Mages for years. The novel is told through several narrative voices, including Simon, his roommate and love interest Baz, his friend Penelope, and his girlfriend Agatha..comment Carry On: The Rise and Fall of Simon Snow is the third young adult novel written by Rainbow Rowell, published in 2015. The story follows the final year of magical schooling for Simon Snow, the "Chosen One" of the magical world prophesied to defeat the Insidious Humdrum, an evil force that has been wreaking havoc on the World of Mages for years. The novel is told through several narrative voices, including Simon, his roommate and love interest Baz, his friend Penelope, and his girlfriend Agatha..
10/18	==DB== Carry On.length 254.0.nextSingle "Keeping Secrets".Carry On (Motor Ace song).Carry On is a song by Australian band Motor Ace and is the first single on the band's second album Shoot This which was released in 2002. Carry On is seen as one of Motor Ace's most famous and popular songs, and the only song of theirs to reach #1 spot on the ARIA Charts. The song proved popular amongst a wide range of radio station in Australia, and was played most on Triple J and Triple M..comment Carry On is a song by Australian band Motor Ace and is the first single on the band's second album Shoot This which was released in 2002. Carry On is seen as one of Motor Ace's most famous and popular songs, and the only song of theirs to reach #1 spot on the ARIA Charts. The song proved popular amongst a wide range of radio station in Australia, and was played most on Triple J and Triple M..
11/18	==DB== Carry On.producer Giorgio Moroder.writer Giorgio Moroder, Marietta Waters.length 221.0.artist Donna Summer and Giorgio Moroder.recorded 1992.format 12.0.bSide Carry On.lastSingle "Work That Magic".nextSingle "La Vie En Rose (Donna Summer)".Carry On (Donna Summer song)."Carry On" is a song written by recording artists Donna Summer and Giorgio Moroder. The song was first released on Moroder's 1992 album Forever Dancing. The following year, the song closed Summer's two-disc set The Donna Summer Anthology. During the 1970s Moroder had co-written and co-produced a large number of Summer's disco hits, and this song marked the first time the two had worked together in more than a decade. The recording features background vocals by Summer's children, Brooklyn and Amanda Grace Sudano, along with co-writers Waters and Moroder, and Larry Lee. "Carry On" was released as a single in Germany in 1992 and some years later was remixed and became an international hit, reaching #25 on the U.S. Dance charts in 1997 and #65 on the UK Pop charts in 1998. That same year it won the first Grammy award for Best Dance Recording..comment "Carry On" is a song written by recording artists Donna Summer and Giorgio Moroder. The song was first released on Moroder's 1992 album Forever Dancing. The following year, the song closed Summer's two-disc set The Donna Summer Anthology. During the 1970s Moroder had co-written and co-produced a large number of Summer's disco hits, and this song marked the first time the two had worked together in more than a decade..
12/18	==DB== Carry On.producer Avenged Sevenfold.length 255.0.released 2012-09-24.format *.format 12".bSide Instrumental.lastSingle "Buried Alive".nextSingle "Hail to the King".Carry On (Avenged Sevenfold song)."Carry On" is a song by Avenged Sevenfold. The song was released on iTunes on September 24, 2012..comment "Carry On" is a song by Avenged Sevenfold. The song was released on iTunes on September 24, 2012..
13/18	==DB== Carry On.released 2014-02-14.format 7.0.lastSingle "Can't Dance".nextSingle "So Be It".Carry On (Lisa Stansfield song)."Carry On" is a song recorded by British singer Lisa Stansfield for her 2014 album, Seven. It was written by Stansfield and her husband Ian Devaney, and produced by Devaney and Snowboy. "Carry On" was announced as the second single on 10 January 2014 and premiered on Ken Bruce's BBC Radio 2 show on 13 January 2014. The music video premiered on 31 January 2014. The digital single was released in Germany on 14 February 2014 and the 7" single in the United Kingdom on 21 April 2014. In October 2014, Andy Lewis Remix of "Carry On" was included on the re-release of Seven, titled Seven+. Stansfield performed the song during her Seven Tour..comment "Carry On" is a song recorded by British singer Lisa Stansfield for her 2014 album, Seven. It was written by Stansfield and her husband Ian Devaney, and produced by Devaney and Snowboy. "Carry On" was announced as the second single on 10 January 2014 and premiered on Ken Bruce's BBC Radio 2 show on 13 January 2014. The music video premiered on 31 January 2014. The digital single was released in Germany on 14 February 2014 and the 7" single in the United Kingdom on 21 April 2014. In October 2014, Andy Lewis Remix of "Carry On" was included on the re-release of Seven, titled Seven+. Stansfield performed the song during her Seven Tour..
14/18	==SS== To continue or proceed as before.''I'll be gone for a few days, but I hope you will '''carry on''' in my absence.'' 
15/18	==DB== Carry On.genre *.length 3320.0.released 2007-05-28.lastAlbum Euphoria Morning.nextAlbum Scream.Carry On (Chris Cornell album).Carry On is the second solo studio album by American musician Chris Cornell. It was released on May 28, 2007, in the United Kingdom and June 5, 2007, in the United States. This album is Cornell's second after Euphoria Morning in 1999, and his first since leaving his former band Audioslave. As of September 4, 2007, the album has sold 121,000 copies in the US and 300,000 copies worldwide..comment Carry On is the second solo studio album by American musician Chris Cornell. It was released on May 28, 2007, in the United Kingdom and June 5, 2007, in the United States. This album is Cornell's second after Euphoria Morning in 1999, and his first since leaving his former band Audioslave. As of September 4, 2007, the album has sold 121,000 copies in the US and 300,000 copies worldwide..
16/18	==DB== Carry On.producer Dinah Shurey.producer Victor Peers.writer Dinah Shurey.starring Trilby Clark.starring Alf Goddard.starring Johnny Butt.cinematography Randal Terraneau.Carry On (film).(For the later series of comedy films, see Carry On (film series).) Carry On is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Dinah Shurey and starring Moore Marriott, Trilby Clark and Alf Goddard..comment (For the later series of comedy films, see Carry On (film series).) Carry On is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Dinah Shurey and starring Moore Marriott, Trilby Clark and Alf Goddard..
17/18	==DB== Carry On.length 257.0.format 12".format CD Maxi.nextSingle "Give It to You".Carry On (Martha Wash song)."Carry On" is a song recorded by American singer/songwriter Martha Wash. The single was the first release from her self-titled debut album Martha Wash, which was part of her settlement deal with RCA Records after she sued the label over being uncredited for her work on previous songs by Black Box. The track was her first number-one single on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart, reaching the top spot on December 5, 1992..comment "Carry On" is a song recorded by American singer/songwriter Martha Wash. The single was the first release from her self-titled debut album Martha Wash, which was part of her settlement deal with RCA Records after she sued the label over being uncredited for her work on previous songs by Black Box. The track was her first number-one single on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart, reaching the top spot on December 5, 1992..
18/18	==DB== Carry On (Norah Jones song).
===126	cash out	3
1/3	==SS== To reconcile at the end of a shift; to compare receipts of items sold to records of credit card, check and cash placed into the drawer, verifying that correct change was given out by the clerk.
2/3	==DB== Cash out refinancing.Cash out refinancing (in the case of real property) occurs when a loan is taken out on property already owned, and the loan amount is above and beyond the cost of transaction, payoff of existing liens, and related expenses..comment Cash out refinancing (in the case of real property) occurs when a loan is taken out on property already owned, and the loan amount is above and beyond the cost of transaction, payoff of existing liens, and related expenses..
3/3	==DB== Cash Out.birthDate 1990-08-15.birthName John-Michael Hakim Gibson.yearsActive 2012.background solo_singer.Bases Loaded, eOne.Cash Out.John-Michael Hakim Gibson, (born August 15, 1990), better known by his stage name Cash Out (stylized Ca$h Out) is an American rapper originally from Columbus, Georgia, and later raised in Atlanta, Georgia. His debut album Let's Get It, was released on August 26, 2014..comment John-Michael Hakim Gibson, (born August 15, 1990), better known by his stage name Cash Out (stylized Ca$h Out) is an American rapper originally from Columbus, Georgia, and later raised in Atlanta, Georgia. His debut album Let's Get It, was released on August 26, 2014..
===127	chill out	4
1/4	==DB== Chill-out.filename Wickethewok - Deepecho.ogg.title "Deepecho".description A full-length sample chill out track..Chill-out music.Chill-out music (sometimes also chillout, chill out or simply chill) is a subgenre of electronic music and an umbrella term for several styles of electronic music characterized by their mellow style and mid-tempo beats, "chill" being derived from a slang word for "relax". Chill-out music emerged in the early and mid-1990s in "chill rooms" at dance clubs, where relaxing music was played to allow dancers a chance to "chill out" from the more emphatic and fast-tempo music played on the main dance floor. According to listeners of BBC Radio Scotland’s request show Get It On, the ultimate chill-out tune is "It's All About You" by McFly. Some notable chill-out artists include:Moby, Air, Paul Kalkbrenner, and Moonbootica. The genres associated with chill-out are mostly ambient, trip hop, nu jazz, ambient house and downtempo. Sometimes, the easy listening subgenre lounge is considered to belong to the chill-out collection as well. Chill-out, as a musical genre or description, is synonymous with the more recently popularized terms "smooth electronica" and "soft techno", and it is a loose genre of music blurring into several other very distinct styles of electronic and lo-fi music..comment Chill-out music (sometimes also chillout, chill out or simply chill) is a subgenre of electronic music and an umbrella term for several styles of electronic music characterized by their mellow style and mid-tempo beats, "chill" being derived from a slang word for "relax". Chill-out music emerged in the early and mid-1990s in "chill rooms" at dance clubs, where relaxing music was played to allow dancers a chance to "chill out" from the more emphatic and fast-tempo music played on the main dance floor..
2/4	==SS== 
3/4	==SS== To relax or take time out; to calm down.''Since I'm between projects, I think I'll just '''chill out'''.'' ''I wish I could '''chill out''' about the neighbor's barking dog, but it wakes me up every night.'' 
4/4	==DB== Chill Out.genre *.producer The KLF.filename The KLF - Chill Out .ogg.title "Dream Time in Lake Jackson".title "Elvis on the Radio, Steel Guitar in my Soul".title "Wichita Lineman Was a Song I Once Heard".description Ethnic Tuvan throat singing underscored by ethereal synthesiser sounds..description Graham Lee's pedal steel accompanies Elvis Presley's "In the Ghetto", with sampled rolling stock..description The distinctive strings of The KLF's original "Last Train to Trancentral" are prominent. The build-up features samples of a furiously intense salesman..length 2659.0.lastAlbum The "What Time Is Love?" Story.nextAlbum The White Room.Chill Out.Chill Out is the third studio album by The KLF, and the first album under the name, released in February 1990. An ambient house concept album, it portrays a mythical night-time journey up the US Gulf Coast from Texas into Louisiana. The album is a continuous composition, in which sampled music (including Elvis Presley, Fleetwood Mac, Acker Bilk and Tuvan throat singers), vocal samples and sound effects are overlaid with original music..comment Chill Out is the third studio album by The KLF, and the first album under the name, released in February 1990. An ambient house concept album, it portrays a mythical night-time journey up the US Gulf Coast from Texas into Louisiana. The album is a continuous composition, in which sampled music (including Elvis Presley, Fleetwood Mac, Acker Bilk and Tuvan throat singers), vocal samples and sound effects are overlaid with original music..
===128	clean up	5
1/5	==DB== 
2/5	==DB== Cleanup hitter.In baseball, the cleanup hitter is the hitter who bats fourth in the lineup. Although the third man up is generally the hitter with the highest batting average, cleanup hitters often have the most power on the team and are typically the team's best power hitter; their job is to "clean up the bases", hence the name. The theory behind the cleanup hitter concept is that at the beginning of the game, at least one of the first three batters will reach base with a single-base hit, walk or equivalent in the 1st inning, enabling the cleanup hitter a chance to drive in a run. This theory is backed up by sabermetric research, which postulates that the cleanup hitter should be the best hitter on the team with power. Justin Morneau holds the record of most games started in a season batting cleanup, with 163 in 2008..comment In baseball, the cleanup hitter is the hitter who bats fourth in the lineup. Although the third man up is generally the hitter with the highest batting average, cleanup hitters often have the most power on the team and are typically the team's best power hitter; their job is to "clean up the bases", hence the name. Justin Morneau holds the record of most games started in a season batting cleanup, with 163 in 2008..
3/5	==SS== To make an area or a thing clean; to pick up a mess; to tidy.{{ux|en|'''Clean up''' your room.}} 
4/5	==DB== One Little Indian Records.One Little Indian Records.One Little Indian Records is a London-based independent record label that rose from the ashes of punk rock record company Spiderleg Records. It was set up in 1985 by members of various anarcho-punk bands, and managed by former Flux of Pink Indians bassist Derek Birkett..comment One Little Indian Records is a London-based independent record label that rose from the ashes of punk rock record company Spiderleg Records. It was set up in 1985 by members of various anarcho-punk bands, and managed by former Flux of Pink Indians bassist Derek Birkett..
5/5	==DB== Cleanup template.
===129	close up	9
1/9	==DB== Close Up Foundation.The Close Up Foundation is a nonprofit, nonpartisan educational organization in the United States. Founded in 1971 Close Up offers high school students an in-depth view of the democratic process, by interactive participation..comment The Close Up Foundation is a nonprofit, nonpartisan educational organization in the United States. Founded in 1971 Close Up offers high school students an in-depth view of the democratic process, by interactive participation..
2/9	==SS== To move people closer together.''The crowd '''closed up''' and I couldn't get through to the train.'' 
3/9	==DB== runtime 1800.0.showName Close Up.starring Susan Wood.starring Mark Sainsbury.starring Mike Hosking.lastAired 2012-11-30.followedBy Seven Sharp.Close Up (TV programme).Close Up was a half-hour-long New Zealand current affairs programme produced by Television New Zealand. The programme aired at 7 pm weeknights (straight after One News) on TV ONE and was presented by Mark Sainsbury with Mike Hosking as the back-up supporting host. The last edition was broadcast on 30 November 2012. Seven Sharp, a current affairs show aimed at a younger audience, took its place in 2013. The show was the country's most watched night news and current affairs show. The new Close Up began broadcasting on 2 November 2004 as a replacement for the Holmes show immediately after Paul Holmes announced his resignation from TVNZ and that he would be presenting a similar show on Prime in 2005. The show was originally branded as Close Up at 7 using the existing Holmes studio but when the show relaunched in 2005 it was just branded as Close Up with a new-look studio. Close Up was hosted by Susan Wood from its first show in 2004 until 4 December 2006, when she resigned from TVNZ, citing health problems. Close Up competed with the TV3 current affairs show Campbell Live, and shared the same time slot with TV2 drama Shortland Street..comment Close Up was a half-hour-long New Zealand current affairs programme produced by Television New Zealand. The programme aired at 7 pm weeknights (straight after One News) on TV ONE and was presented by Mark Sainsbury with Mike Hosking as the back-up supporting host. The last edition was broadcast on 30 November 2012. Seven Sharp, a current affairs show aimed at a younger audience, took its place in 2013. The show was the country's most watched night news and current affairs show..
4/9	==DB== Close Up.length 2532.0.released 2006-12-22.lastAlbum Jump Up – 9492.nextAlbum Little Little.Close Up (Joey Yung album).Close Up is Joey's eleventh Cantonese studio album. The album will include Joey's newest #1 single/plug, 華麗邂逅 (Unexpected Splendid Meeting). This is also the first time Joey co-produced some of her songs on an album, under the name JY. Close Up is Joey's most successful album in terms of chart performance, with three 4 station #1 plugs, and two songs that placed within CRHK's Top Ten Songs of the Year, 華麗邂逅 in 2006 and 愛一個上一課 in 2007..comment Close Up is Joey's eleventh Cantonese studio album. The album will include Joey's newest #1 single/plug, 華麗邂逅 (Unexpected Splendid Meeting). This is also the first time Joey co-produced some of her songs on an album, under the name JY. Close Up is Joey's most successful album in terms of chart performance, with three 4 station #1 plugs, and two songs that placed within CRHK's Top Ten Songs of the Year, 華麗邂逅 in 2006 and 愛一個上一課 in 2007..
5/9	==DB== Close Up (magazine).Close Up was an influential literary magazine devoted to film, published by the Pool Group between 1927 and 1933. "It was the brain child of Kenneth Macpherson, a young man of independent means, not a little talent, and quite a lot of personal charm". The monthly magazine, founded at the group's 'headquarters' in Territet, Switzerland would be dedicated to "independent cinema and cinema from around the world". The first issue of Close Up, describing itself on the front cover as an "international magazine devoted to film art", appeared in July, 1927. Macpherson was editor-in-chief, with Bryher as assistant editor, and Hilda Doolittle ("H.D.") and Oswell Blakeston making regular contributions. The publication was truly international with correspondents reporting on productions worldwide, with major literary and cinematic figures contributing articles on the latest film theory (René Crevel, Dorothy Richardson, Sergei Eisenstein, Hans Sachs, Harry Potamkin) and advertising revenue coming from Paris, Berlin, and New York. Macpherson "dictated the tone and direction of the publication, contributing articles that defined the role of the director and defended the integrity of cinema and its right to be considered as art". Close Up would discard the vulgar entertainment films coming out of Britain and Hollywood, preferring the avant-garde productions from Germany and the Soviet Union. Blakeston, the most prolific of the magazine's writers, would mock British lack of imagination and general ineptitude. Editorial offices opened in 1928 at 24 Devonshire Street, and from April 1930 at 25 Litchfield Street, off Charing Cross Road, London, above Anton Zwemmer's bookshop and gallery. The Academy cinema at 165 Oxford Street, which was dedicated to showing Continental and 'Unusual' art-house films, frequently advertised in its pages. The magazine reduced its publication frequency from monthly to quarterly, eventually fizzling out in 1933 when Macpherson departed. A printed slip was attached to the flyleaf of the final December issue, requesting that in future all letters and orders should be addressed to Mr. A. Zwemmer, 87 Charing Cross Road..comment Close Up was an influential literary magazine devoted to film, published by the Pool Group between 1927 and 1933. "It was the brain child of Kenneth Macpherson, a young man of independent means, not a little talent, and quite a lot of personal charm". The monthly magazine, founded at the group's 'headquarters' in Territet, Switzerland would be dedicated to "independent cinema and cinema from around the world". The first issue of Close Up, describing itself on the front cover as an "international magazine devoted to film art", appeared in July, 1927. Macpherson was editor-in-chief, with Bryher as assistant editor, and Hilda Doolittle ("H.D.") and Oswell Blakeston making regular contributions..
6/9	==DB== Close Up.lastAlbum One to Infinity.recorded 1978.Close Up (The Outsiders album).Close Up is the second and final studio album by English punk band The Outsiders, which would later evolve into The Sound. It was released in 1978 by record label Raw Edge..comment Close Up is the second and final studio album by English punk band The Outsiders, which would later evolve into The Sound. It was released in 1978 by record label Raw Edge..
7/9	==DB== Close Up.language Cantonese, English.released 2009-05-13.lastAlbum Change.nextAlbum Can't Be Half.Close Up (EP).
8/9	==DB== Close-up.A close-up or closeup in filmmaking, television production, still photography and the comic strip medium is a type of shot, which tightly frames a person or an object. Close-ups are one of the standard shots used regularly with medium shots and long shots (cinematic techniques). Close-ups display the most detail, but they do not include the broader scene. Moving in to a close-up or away from a close-up is a common type of zooming..comment A close-up or closeup in filmmaking, television production, still photography and the comic strip medium is a type of shot, which tightly frames a person or an object. Close-ups are one of the standard shots used regularly with medium shots and long shots (cinematic techniques). Close-ups display the most detail, but they do not include the broader scene. Moving in to a close-up or away from a close-up is a common type of zooming..
9/9	==DB== Close Up (1980s).
===130	come around	6
1/6	==DB== Come Around (Collie Buddz song).
2/6	==SS== To change one's mind, especially to begin to agree or appreciate what one was reluctant to accept at first.''Give her time, and she may '''come around''' and see things your way.'' 
3/6	==DB== Come Around.writer Athena Cage, Jerry Flowers, Keith Sweat.format 7.0.lastSingle "Reminding Me (Of Sef)".nextSingle "My Oh My".Come Around (Chantay Savage song)."Come Around" is the title of a Reggae single by Chantay Savage. It was the first single from her album This Time. The week the single was released it was the top debuting single on the Billboard R&B chart..comment "Come Around" is the title of a Reggae single by Chantay Savage. It was the first single from her album This Time. The week the single was released it was the top debuting single on the Billboard R&B chart..
4/6	==DB== Come Around.length 2175.0.released 2008-09-23.nextAlbum Everything Collide.recorded Flowers Studio, Minneapolis, Minnesota.Come Around (album).Come Around is the debut studio album from Minneapolis, Minnesota pop rock band Sing It Loud. It was released on Epitaph Records on September 23, 2008..comment Come Around is the debut studio album from Minneapolis, Minnesota pop rock band Sing It Loud. It was released on Epitaph Records on September 23, 2008..
5/6	==DB== Come Around EP.
6/6	==DB== Come Around.lastSingle "You Can't Count on Me".nextSingle "When I Dream of Michelangelo".Come Around (Counting Crows song)."Come Around" is the last song on Counting Crows' 2008 album Saturday Nights & Sunday Mornings. Despite never issued as a physical single release, "Come Around" was serviced as an airplay single to the Adult Alternative radio format in summer 2008. It would go on to top the Billboard Triple A chart the week of September 27, 2008  (it remained the #1 single for three weeks) becoming the band's first chart-topper since "Accidentally in Love" in 2005. Lead singer Adam Duritz reportedly was unhappy with the selection due to his belief that the decidedly more melodic mood of the track did not represent the mood of the album as a whole, preferring that a track from the edgier "Saturday Nights" half of the record be released instead..comment "Come Around" is the last song on Counting Crows' 2008 album Saturday Nights & Sunday Mornings. Despite never issued as a physical single release, "Come Around" was serviced as an airplay single to the Adult Alternative radio format in summer 2008. It would go on to top the Billboard Triple A chart the week of September 27, 2008  (it remained the #1 single for three weeks) becoming the band's first chart-topper since "Accidentally in Love" in 2005..
===131	come down	5
1/5	==DB== Comedown.producer Dominic Norris.runtime 5400.0.budget 2000000.0.Comedown (film).Comedown is a 2012 British urban horror film directed by Menhaj Huda, and written by Steven Kendall. Dubbed "Kidulthood meets Saw", the film stars Jacob Anderson, Adam Deacon and Geoff Bell in the lead roles. It premiered on 4 October 2012, at film festival Grimmfest, but was not released to cinemas on general release, and instead was expected to be released direct-to-DVD on 11 March 2013. The film was shot on a budget of $2,000,000, and was filmed in a suburb of London close to the O2 Arena..comment Comedown is a 2012 British urban horror film directed by Menhaj Huda, and written by Steven Kendall. Dubbed "Kidulthood meets Saw", the film stars Jacob Anderson, Adam Deacon and Geoff Bell in the lead roles. It premiered on 4 October 2012, at film festival Grimmfest, but was not released to cinemas on general release, and instead was expected to be released direct-to-DVD on 11 March 2013. The film was shot on a budget of $2,000,000, and was filmed in a suburb of London close to the O2 Arena..
2/5	==DB== Comedown (drugs).Comedown or crashing is the deterioration in mood that happens as a psychoactive drug is cleared from the blood and thus the cerebral circulation. The improvement and deterioration of mood (euphoria and dysphoria) are represented in the cognitive schema as high and low elevations; thus, after the drug has elevated the mood (a state known as a high), there follows a period of coming back down. Such a comedown (down, low, crash) can happen to anyone as a transient symptom, but in people who are dependent on the drug (especially those addicted to it), it is an early symptom of withdrawal and thus can be followed by others. Various drug classes, most especially stimulants and opioids, are subject to crashing. A milder analogous mood cycle can happen even with blood sugar levels (thus sugar highs and sugar lows), which is especially relevant to people with diabetes mellitus and to parents and teachers dealing with children's behavior..comment Comedown or crashing is the deterioration in mood that happens as a psychoactive drug is cleared from the blood and thus the cerebral circulation. The improvement and deterioration of mood (euphoria and dysphoria) are represented in the cognitive schema as high and low elevations; thus, after the drug has elevated the mood (a state known as a high), there follows a period of coming back down. Such a comedown (down, low, crash) can happen to anyone as a transient symptom, but in people who are dependent on the drug (especially those addicted to it), it is an early symptom of withdrawal and thus can be followed by others. Various drug classes, most especially stimulants and opioids, are subject to crashing. A milder analogous mood cycle can happen even with blood sugar levels (thus sugar hig.
3/5	==SS== To descend, fall down, collapse.''A tree '''came down''' and hit me on the head.'' 
4/5	==DB== Come Down.genre *.length 243.0.released 2016-03-18.lastSingle 2.0.Come Down."Come Down" is the second single by English hip hop and R&B trio WSTRN. It was released on 18 March 2016 by Atlantic Records. It samples the 1982 song "Love Come Down" by Evelyn "Champagne" King..comment "Come Down" is the second single by English hip hop and R&B trio WSTRN. It was released on 18 March 2016 by Atlantic Records. It samples the 1982 song "Love Come Down" by Evelyn "Champagne" King..
5/5	==DB== Comedown.producer Bush.length 326.0.length 277.0.released 1995-09-26.lastSingle "Little Things".nextSingle "Glycerine".Comedown (song)."Comedown" is a single by British rock band Bush from their first album Sixteen Stone. It was released as the third single from the album in 1995..comment "Comedown" is a single by British rock band Bush from their first album Sixteen Stone. It was released as the third single from the album in 1995..
===132	come on	15
1/15	==DB== Come On.writer Chuck Berry.released 1963-06-07.recorded 1963-05-10.format 7.0.format 7".bSide "I Want to Be Loved".lastSingle "I'm Talking about You".nextSingle "I Wanna Be Your Man".nextSingle "Nadine".aSide "Go Go Go".Come On (Chuck Berry song)."Come On" is a song written and first released by Chuck Berry in 1961. It has been extensively covered and versioned by a large number of bands since its release. "Come On" failed to chart in the US Top 100, but B-Side "Go Go Go" reached #38 on UK charts..comment "Come On" is a song written and first released by Chuck Berry in 1961. It has been extensively covered and versioned by a large number of bands since its release. "Come On" failed to chart in the US Top 100, but B-Side "Go Go Go" reached #38 on UK charts..
2/15	==DB== Come On (game).
3/15	==DB== Come On (CN Blue song).
4/15	==DB== Come On.writer Earl King.Imperial.recorded 1960-10-27.bSide "Come On Part II".Come On (Earl King song)."Come On" (often called "Let the Good Times Roll") is a song written by New Orleans rhythm and blues artist Earl King. He first recorded the song as "Darling Honey Angel Child" in 1960 for the Ace Records subsidiary Rex. Later that year, he recorded it as a two-part song for Imperial Records using some new lyrics. Retitled "Come On", it was released in 1960 with "Come On - Part I” as the A-side backed with “Come On - Part II” (Imperial 5713). The song's lyrics are based on "Let the Good Times Roll", the 1946 jump blues hit by Louis Jordan and his Tympany Five. However, instrumentally, it is a showcase for guitar playing. Music writer John Perry compares it to Freddie King instrumentals, such as "Hide Away" and "The Stumble". He adds that it is performed in the "guitar-friendly key of E ... specifically designed to cram as many hot licks as possible into a single number". "Come On" did not appear in Billboard magazine's R&B record chart, but gained a higher profile due to Jimi Hendrix. The song was one of the earliest songs played by Hendrix, starting with high school bands at the Spanish Castle music club south of Seattle. In 1968, he recorded "Come On - Part One" with the Jimi Hendrix Experience for their third album, Electric Ladyland. Hendrix follows King's rhythm guitar parts, but performs the song at a faster tempo, giving the song a more rock feel. Bassist Noel Redding and drummer Mitch Mitchell also provide a more driving rhythm, which adds emphasis during Hendrix's guitar solo. It was the last song recorded for Electric Ladyland. According to Redding, "that was done to fill out the album ... We just played it live and they took it". In 1977, King re-recorded an updated version at Knight Studios in Metairie, Louisiana. Titled "Come On (Let the Good Times Roll)", it shows Hendrix's influence and was released by Sonet Records. Several other musicians have recorded renditions of the song, including Dr. John (as "Let the Good Times Roll" for Dr. John's Gumbo in 1972); Freddie King (Burglar, 1974); Anson Funderburgh and the Rockets (Talk To You By Hand, 1981); Stevie Ray Vaughan (as "Come On (Part III)" for Soul to Soul; 1985); and the Steve Miller Band (Bingo!, 2010). In 2011, Diesel recorded a version for his [EP] 7 Axes..comment "Come On" (often called "Let the Good Times Roll") is a song written by New Orleans rhythm and blues artist Earl King. He first recorded the song as "Darling Honey Angel Child" in 1960 for the Ace Records subsidiary Rex. Later that year, he recorded it as a two-part song for Imperial Records using some new lyrics. Retitled "Come On", it was released in 1960 with "Come On - Part I” as the A-side backed with “Come On - Part II” (Imperial 5713)..
5/15	==SS== 
6/15	==DB== Come On Come On (disambiguation).
7/15	==SS== An expression of encouragement.'''''Come on''', George! You can win!'' 
8/15	==DB== Come On.genre *.producer *.length 152.0.format 12.0.bSide "I'm In With The Out Crowd".lastSingle "Sometimes Always".nextSingle "I Hate Rock 'n' Roll".Come On (The Jesus and Mary Chain song)."Come On" is a song by the Scottish alternative rock group The Jesus and Mary Chain and the second single from the group's album Stoned & Dethroned. It was released by Blanco y Negro Records in October 1994 and reached #52 in the UK single charts..comment "Come On" is a song by the Scottish alternative rock group The Jesus and Mary Chain and the second single from the group's album Stoned & Dethroned. It was released by Blanco y Negro Records in October 1994 and reached #52 in the UK single charts..
9/15	==DB== title Come On.season 1.airdate 2006-05-15.episode 22.guests Suzanne Ford.Come On (How I Met Your Mother)."Come On" is the 22nd and final episode in the first season of the television series How I Met Your Mother. It originally aired on May 15, 2006..comment "Come On" is the 22nd and final episode in the first season of the television series How I Met Your Mother. It originally aired on May 15, 2006..
10/15	==DB== 
11/15	==SS== {{ux|en|My birthday will '''come on''' a Friday this year.}} 
12/15	==DB== Come On.producer Prince.writer Prince.released 1998-10-16.recorded Paisley Park Studios, 1997.bSide "The One".lastSingle "The War".Come On (The New Power Generation song)."Come On" is a song and the only single released from The New Power Generation's 1998 album Newpower Soul. Although attributed to The New Power Generation, the song prominently features Prince, as do all songs from the album. The maxi single included several remixes of the song and an exclusive disc sold only through Prince's 1-800-NEW-FUNK store also included a remix of Newpower Soul's "The One"..comment "Come On" is a song and the only single released from The New Power Generation's 1998 album Newpower Soul. Although attributed to The New Power Generation, the song prominently features Prince, as do all songs from the album. The maxi single included several remixes of the song and an exclusive disc sold only through Prince's 1-800-NEW-FUNK store also included a remix of Newpower Soul's "The One"..
13/15	==DB== The Come On.runtime 4980.0.The Come On.The Come On is a 1956 American film noir directed by Russell Birdwell, starring Anne Baxter and Sterling Hayden..comment The Come On is a 1956 American film noir directed by Russell Birdwell, starring Anne Baxter and Sterling Hayden..
14/15	==DB== Come On.type EP.Come On (EP).Come On is a seven-track EP by indie rock band Elf Power. It features six cover songs and a remix of the Elf Power song "The Separating Fault". The EP was later included on the 2002 Elf Power album Nothing's Going to Happen..comment Come On is a seven-track EP by indie rock band Elf Power. It features six cover songs and a remix of the Elf Power song "The Separating Fault". The EP was later included on the 2002 Elf Power album Nothing's Going to Happen..
15/15	==DB== Come On.Come On" / "Morphine.producer Kish Mauve.length 191.0.released 2009-03-02.released 2011-11-21.lastSingle "Jealousy".lastSingle "Lose Control".nextSingle "Losing Myself".Come On (Kish Mauve song)."Come On" is a song performed by British electronic duo Kish Mauve. The song was written and produced by Mima Stilwell and Jim Eliot for their debut album Black Heart (2009). It released as a double A-side single with "Morphine" on 2 March 2009 by YNYS Recordings..comment "Come On" is a song performed by British electronic duo Kish Mauve. The song was written and produced by Mima Stilwell and Jim Eliot for their debut album Black Heart (2009). It released as a double A-side single with "Morphine" on 2 March 2009 by YNYS Recordings..
===133	come out	4
1/4	==DB== 
2/4	==DB== Come Out Come Out.length 3213.0.released 1995-01-15.lastAlbum Betti-Cola.nextAlbum Box Of Hair.Come Out Come Out.Come Out Come Out is the 1995 second album from Canadian cuddlecore group cub. Originally released in January 1995 on Mint Records, the album was remastered and re-released with bonus tracks in 2007. The cover art is by Fiona Smyth. The track "New York City" was covered by They Might Be Giants on their 1996 album Factory Showroom. The New York City-based band changed some of the landmarks named in the song for their version as they found the original ones hard to decipher..comment Come Out Come Out is the 1995 second album from Canadian cuddlecore group cub. Originally released in January 1995 on Mint Records, the album was remastered and re-released with bonus tracks in 2007. The cover art is by Fiona Smyth. The track "New York City" was covered by They Might Be Giants on their 1996 album Factory Showroom. The New York City-based band changed some of the landmarks named in the song for their version as they found the original ones hard to decipher..
3/4	==SS== ''The mouse '''came out''' of the hole.'' 
4/4	==DB== Come Out (Reich).Come Out is a 1966 piece by American composer Steve Reich. He was asked to write this piece to be performed at a benefit for the retrial of the Harlem Six, six black youths arrested for committing a murder during the Harlem Riot of 1964 for which only one of the six was responsible. Truman Nelson, a civil rights activist and the person who had asked Reich to compose the piece, gave him a collection of tapes with recorded voices to use as source material. Nelson, who chose Reich on the basis of his earlier work It's Gonna Rain, agreed to give him creative freedom for the project..comment Come Out is a 1966 piece by American composer Steve Reich. He was asked to write this piece to be performed at a benefit for the retrial of the Harlem Six, six black youths arrested for committing a murder during the Harlem Riot of 1964 for which only one of the six was responsible. Truman Nelson, a civil rights activist and the person who had asked Reich to compose the piece, gave him a collection of tapes with recorded voices to use as source material. Nelson, who chose Reich on the basis of his earlier work It's Gonna Rain, agreed to give him creative freedom for the project..
===134	come over	6
1/6	==DB== Come Over.writer Faith Evans, Floyd Howard.length 335.0.released 1995-11-28.format 12.0.lastSingle "Stressed Out".nextSingle "You Could Be My Boo".Come Over (Faith Evans song)."Come Over" is a song by American recording artist Faith Evans. It was written by Evans and Floyd Howard and produced by Sean Combs and Chucky Thompson for her debut studio album Faith (1995). Released as the album's fourth and final single in 1996, the song reached number 56 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and "Bubbled Under" the Billboard Hot 100 at #109..comment "Come Over" is a song by American recording artist Faith Evans. It was written by Evans and Floyd Howard and produced by Sean Combs and Chucky Thompson for her debut studio album Faith (1995). Released as the album's fourth and final single in 1996, the song reached number 56 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and "Bubbled Under" the Billboard Hot 100 at #109..
2/6	==SS== To affect in a sudden, unprecedented or surprising manner; to overwhelm a person's ordinarily contrary impulse.''I apologise for my behaviour last night. I don't know what '''came over''' me.'' 
3/6	==DB== Come Over.producer Kenny Chesney.Blue Chair.released 2012-05-14.lastSingle "Feel Like a Rock Star".nextSingle "El Cerrito Place".Come Over (Kenny Chesney song)."Come Over" is a song written by Sam Hunt, Shane McAnally and Josh Osborne and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney. It was released in May 2012 as the second single from his fourteenth studio album Welcome to the Fishbowl (2012)..comment "Come Over" is a song written by Sam Hunt, Shane McAnally and Josh Osborne and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney. It was released in May 2012 as the second single from his fourteenth studio album Welcome to the Fishbowl (2012)..
4/6	==DB== Come Over.producer Bryan-Michael Cox, Jazze Pha, Kevin Hicks, Johnta Austin.length 235.0.released 2003-05-27.format 12.0.lastSingle "Don't Know What to Tell Ya".nextSingle "Enough Said".Come Over (Aaliyah song)."Come Over" is a song by American singer Aaliyah. This song is one of the six previously unreleased tracks on Aaliyah's first posthumously released compilation album, I Care 4 U. It was recorded initially for the singers third studio album,  Aaliyah (2001), but was remained unreleased. It was released in US as the third single from the album. The song charted well thanks to its heavy rotation on radio stations. This is a demo version of the final version sung by Changing Faces which appeared on their 2000 album "Visit Me"..comment "Come Over" is a song by American singer Aaliyah. This song is one of the six previously unreleased tracks on Aaliyah's first posthumously released compilation album, I Care 4 U. It was recorded initially for the singers third studio album,  Aaliyah (2001), but was remained unreleased. It was released in US as the third single from the album. The song charted well thanks to its heavy rotation on radio stations. This is a demo version of the final version sung by Changing Faces which appeared on their 2000 album "Visit Me"..
5/6	==DB== Come Over.writer Estelle Swaray, John Stephens, Dwayne Chin-Quee, Mitchum Chin, Jason Farmer, Sean Henriques.Atlantic, Homeschool.length 227.0.length 221.0.released --09-15.released --12-13.artist Estelle featuring Sean Paul.Come Over (Estelle song)."Come Over" is the fifth UK single and the second U.S. single from Estelle's second album Shine. A remix version of song was released featuring reggae artist Sean Paul. It was released to U.S. radio on 15 September. It is available to download on UK iTunes. In the UK the digital download was released on 13 December. The physical release was scheduled for the same date but was cancelled last minute..comment "Come Over" is the fifth UK single and the second U.S. single from Estelle's second album Shine. A remix version of song was released featuring reggae artist Sean Paul. It was released to U.S. radio on 15 September. It is available to download on UK iTunes. In the UK the digital download was released on 13 December. The physical release was scheduled for the same date but was cancelled last minute..
6/6	==DB== Come Over.genre *.writer *.writer * Jack Patterson *.*.length 223.0.released 2014-08-08.artist Clean Bandit featuring Stylo G.lastSingle "Extraordinary".nextSingle "Real Love".Come Over (Clean Bandit song)."Come Over" is a song by British electronic group Clean Bandit. It features British reggae artist Stylo G. Its first release was on 8 August 2014 in Ireland. The song features auto-tuned vocals from band member Grace Chatto..comment "Come Over" is a song by British electronic group Clean Bandit. It features British reggae artist Stylo G. Its first release was on 8 August 2014 in Ireland. The song features auto-tuned vocals from band member Grace Chatto..
===135	cover up	12
1/12	==DB== Cover Up.13.length 3675.0.released 2008-04-01.lastAlbum The Last Sucker.nextAlbum Adios... Puta Madres.recorded 2007.Cover Up (Ministry album).Cover Up is an album of cover versions by Ministry and Co-Conspirators released on April 1, 2008. The album includes previously released covers "Roadhouse Blues", "Lay Lady Lay" and "Supernaut". Cover Up was intended to be Ministry's final release before their three-year break up from 2008 to 2011. On December 3, 2008, "Under My Thumb" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance in 2009. It lost to "My Apocalypse" by Metallica..comment Cover Up is an album of cover versions by Ministry and Co-Conspirators released on April 1, 2008. The album includes previously released covers "Roadhouse Blues", "Lay Lady Lay" and "Supernaut". Cover Up was intended to be Ministry's final release before their three-year break up from 2008 to 2011. On December 3, 2008, "Under My Thumb" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance in 2009. It lost to "My Apocalypse" by Metallica..
2/12	==DB== director Don Carlos Dunaway.director Christopher Hibler.director Phil Bondelli.director Guy Magar.runtime 44.composer Joseph Conlan.showName Cover Up.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 22.executiveProducer Glen A. Larson.company Glen A. Larson Productions.company 20.firstAired 1984-09-22.lastAired 1985-04-06.opentheme "Holding Out for a Hero" performed by EG Daily.Cover Up (TV series).Cover Up is an American action/adventure television series that aired for one season on CBS from September 22, 1984 to April 6, 1985. Created by Glen A. Larson, the series stars Jennifer O'Neill, Jon-Erik Hexum, Antony Hamilton, and Richard Anderson..comment Cover Up is an American action/adventure television series that aired for one season on CBS from September 22, 1984 to April 6, 1985. Created by Glen A. Larson, the series stars Jennifer O'Neill, Jon-Erik Hexum, Antony Hamilton, and Richard Anderson..
3/12	==DB== Cover-up.A cover-up is an attempt, whether successful or not, to conceal evidence of wrongdoing, error, incompetence or other embarrassing information. In a passive cover-up, information is simply not provided; in an active cover-up, deception is used. The expression is usually applied to people in positions of authority who abuse power to avoid or silence criticism or to deflect guilt of wrongdoing. Those who initiate a cover-up (or their allies) may be responsible for a misdeed, a breach of trust or duty, or a crime. While the terms are often used interchangeably, cover-up involves withholding incriminatory evidence, while whitewash involves releasing misleading evidence..comment A cover-up is an attempt, whether successful or not, to conceal evidence of wrongdoing, error, incompetence or other embarrassing information. In a passive cover-up, information is simply not provided; in an active cover-up, deception is used. The expression is usually applied to people in positions of authority who abuse power to avoid or silence criticism or to deflect guilt of wrongdoing. Those who initiate a cover-up (or their allies) may be responsible for a misdeed, a breach of trust or duty, or a crime..
4/12	==DB== 
5/12	==DB== Cover Up.distributor Capitol Films.distributor Electra Films.runtime 5400.0.starring Lisa Berkley.budget 6000000.0.Cover Up (1991 film).Cover Up  is a 1991 film directed by Manny Coto starring Dolph Lundgren and Louis Gossett Jr.. Coto was hired at the latest stage of pre-production right before filming, after writer / director William Tannen left the project. Dolph Lundgren plays Mike Anderson..comment Cover Up  is a 1991 film directed by Manny Coto starring Dolph Lundgren and Louis Gossett Jr.. Coto was hired at the latest stage of pre-production right before filming, after writer / director William Tannen left the project. Dolph Lundgren plays Mike Anderson..
6/12	==DB== Cover Up.writer Jerome Odlum.runtime 4980.0.Cover Up (1949 film).Cover Up is a 1949 mystery film directed by Alfred E. Green starring Dennis O'Keefe, William Bendix, and Barbara Britton. O'Keefe also co-wrote the screenplay, credited as Jonathan Rix. The murder mystery takes place during the Christmas season..comment Cover Up is a 1949 mystery film directed by Alfred E. Green starring Dennis O'Keefe, William Bendix, and Barbara Britton. O'Keefe also co-wrote the screenplay, credited as Jonathan Rix. The murder mystery takes place during the Christmas season..
7/12	==DB== Cover Up (John Feinstein novel).
8/12	==DB== Cover Ups.producer Ryan Greene, Bill Stevenson, Stephen Egerton, Jason Livermore.released 2002-07-02.nextAlbum Bound by Ties of Blood and Affection.recorded 1996.Cover Ups.Cover Ups is a compilation album by the Santa Cruz, California-based hardcore punk band Good Riddance, collecting all of the cover songs the band had previously released. It was released July 2, 2002 through Lorelei Records, a record label co-founded by the band's singer Russ Rankin..comment Cover Ups is a compilation album by the Santa Cruz, California-based hardcore punk band Good Riddance, collecting all of the cover songs the band had previously released. It was released July 2, 2002 through Lorelei Records, a record label co-founded by the band's singer Russ Rankin..
9/12	==DB== Cover Up (The Price Is Right).
10/12	==SS== To conceal or disguise.''The politician tried to '''cover up''' his involvement in the scandal.'' 
11/12	==DB== Cover Up.length 3614.0.released 2001-11-22.lastAlbum The Very Best of UB40.nextAlbum Homegrown.Cover Up (UB40 album).Cover Up is the thirteenth album by UB40, released in 2001. It was their first studio album release since 1998 when they released Labour of Love III. There was no US release, but rather it was released as an international release. The first single released from this album was "Since I Met You Lady", but it did not rise higher than No. 40 on the UK charts..comment Cover Up is the thirteenth album by UB40, released in 2001. It was their first studio album release since 1998 when they released Labour of Love III. There was no US release, but rather it was released as an international release. The first single released from this album was "Since I Met You Lady", but it did not rise higher than No. 40 on the UK charts..
12/12	==DB== The Cover Up.length 2210.0.released 2004-06-29.lastAlbum The Tight Connection.The Cover Up (I Am the World Trade Center album).The Cover Up is the third album from I Am the World Trade Center the New York City based synthpop band. This is the first album released after the closure of the band's record label, Kindercore, which was co-founded by Dan Geller. Also, this is the first album conducted by Dan Geller and Amy Dykes after their romantic break-up. The album contains a cover of The Jam's "Going Underground" and was released in 2004. The Album was co-produced and mixed by electronic dance music pioneer and Mephisto Odyssey founder Mikael Johnston..comment The Cover Up is the third album from I Am the World Trade Center the New York City based synthpop band. This is the first album released after the closure of the band's record label, Kindercore, which was co-founded by Dan Geller. Also, this is the first album conducted by Dan Geller and Amy Dykes after their romantic break-up. The album contains a cover of The Jam's "Going Underground" and was released in 2004. The Album was co-produced and mixed by electronic dance music pioneer and Mephisto Odyssey founder Mikael Johnston..
===136	cross over	37
1/37	==DB== Crossover (figure skating).Crossovers are a basic stroking technique in figure skating for gaining impetus while skating along a curve or circle. They may be performed while skating either forwards or backwards. To perform forward crossovers in a counterclockwise direction, the skater begins with a stroke onto the left forward outside edge. The right foot is next placed on the ice towards the toe of the left foot and positioned on an inner edge, slightly inside the running curve. The right foot gradually becomes the new skating foot as the left foot leaves the curve to the outside and thrusts away. As the transfer of weight takes place, the skater pushes off the outside edge of the left foot. The next stroke is performed by placing the left foot next to the right, inside the circle, and pushing off the inside edge of the right foot. The upper body is generally turned to face into the circle with the arms extended. To perform counterclockwise backward crossovers, the skater begins by gliding backwards on two feet. The upper body is turned to face into the circle, and the head is turned to look over the right shoulder in the direction of travel. Keeping the left foot on the ice, the skater shifts his or her weight to the right foot, on a back outside edge, and then draws the left foot across the right. At this point, the skater shifts weight to the left foot, on a back inside edge, and executes a wide step inside the circle with the right foot; then the sequence is repeated by again drawing the left foot across. The left foot remains on the ice throughout, and the power derives from the scissoring motion of the legs. For crossovers on a clockwise curve, left and right are reversed. Crossovers are not considered difficult connecting movements in competitive skating; a program in which the skater predominantly performs crossovers from one element to the next rather than more complex steps and turns will be judged to be lacking in difficulty and choreographic interest.  * Clockwise forward crossover, at the point where the skater is pushing off the right foot. (Kim Yuna)  * Counterclockwise forward crossover, at the point where the skater is pushing off the left foot. (Kiira Korpi)  * Pair forward crossover(Eva Romanova & Pavel Roman)  * Clockwise back crossover, during the scissoring motion after the wide step.(Johnny Weir).comment Crossovers are a basic stroking technique in figure skating for gaining impetus while skating along a curve or circle. They may be performed while skating either forwards or backwards. To perform forward crossovers in a counterclockwise direction, the skater begins with a stroke onto the left forward outside edge. The right foot is next placed on the ice towards the toe of the left foot and positioned on an inner edge, slightly inside the running curve. The right foot gradually becomes the new skating foot as the left foot leaves the curve to the outside and thrusts away. As the transfer of weight takes place, the skater pushes off the outside edge of the left foot. The next stroke is performed by placing the left foot next to the right, inside the circle, and pushing off the inside edge o.
2/37	==DB== Crossover (theater).
3/37	==DB== Crossover.length 230.0.format 12.0.bSide Brothers from Brentwood L.I..certification Gold.lastSingle "Give the People".nextSingle "Head Banger".Crossover (song)."Crossover" is a single by hip hop group EPMD released in 1992 from their album Business Never Personal. The song's lyrics criticize rappers who crossover to R&B or pop in order to sell more. Ironically enough, the single became EPMD's highest charting as it climbed the Billboard charts at #42. The song was also certified gold by RIAA, becoming the group's only single to accomplish that feat. The song samples "Don't Worry If There's a Hell Below (We're All Gonna Go)" by Curtis Mayfield and Roger Troutman's "You Should Be Mine". A music video, colored in blue, was released for the song which features Erick Sermon and Parrish Smith rapping around a building under construction with other people around doing various activities like break-dancing..comment "Crossover" is a single by hip hop group EPMD released in 1992 from their album Business Never Personal. The song's lyrics criticize rappers who crossover to R&B or pop in order to sell more. Ironically enough, the single became EPMD's highest charting as it climbed the Billboard charts at #42. The song was also certified gold by RIAA, becoming the group's only single to accomplish that feat. The song samples "Don't Worry If There's a Hell Below (We're All Gonna Go)" by Curtis Mayfield and Roger Troutman's "You Should Be Mine". A music video, colored in blue, was released for the song which features Erick Sermon and Parrish Smith rapping around a building under construction with other people around doing various activities like break-dancing..
4/37	==DB== Crossover (Intrigue album).
5/37	==DB== Crossover.producer Spike Cassidy and Bill Metoyer.length 2358.0.lastAlbum Dealing with It!.nextAlbum 4.recorded 1986.Crossover (Dirty Rotten Imbeciles album).Crossover is the third album by the American crossover thrash band D.R.I., originally released in 1987. The genre "crossover" was coined from this release. On April 13, 2010, the album was re-released on vinyl, CD, and digital download as a remastered version with 11 bonus tracks, 6 of which were recorded live at the Ritz, New York City. The album was remastered by original producer Bill Metoyer..comment Crossover is the third album by the American crossover thrash band D.R.I., originally released in 1987. The genre "crossover" was coined from this release. On April 13, 2010, the album was re-released on vinyl, CD, and digital download as a remastered version with 11 bonus tracks, 6 of which were recorded live at the Ritz, New York City. The album was remastered by original producer Bill Metoyer..
6/37	==DB== Crossover.released 2005-02-23.lastAlbum Tsuioku+Love Letter.nextAlbum Heart & Symphony.Crossover (Hitomi Shimatani album).Crossover is Hitomi Shimatani's first special concept album, featuring "crossover versions" of popular tracks from her 4th album 追憶+Love Letter, as well as new songs..comment Crossover is Hitomi Shimatani's first special concept album, featuring "crossover versions" of popular tracks from her 4th album 追憶+Love Letter, as well as new songs..
7/37	==DB== Crossover study.A crossover study, also referred to as a crossover trial, is a longitudinal study in which subjects receive a sequence of different treatments (or exposures). While crossover studies can be observational studies, many important crossover studies are controlled experiments, which are discussed in this article. Crossover designs are common for experiments in many scientific disciplines, for example psychology, education, pharmaceutical science, and medicine. Randomized, controlled crossover experiments are especially important in health care. In a randomized clinical trial, the subjects are randomly assigned to different arms of the study which receive different treatments. When the randomized clinical trial is a repeated measures design, the same measures are collected multiple times for each subject. A crossover clinical trial is a repeated measures design in which each patient is assigned to a sequence of treatments, including at least two treatments (of which one "treatment" may be a standard treatment or a placebo). Nearly all crossover designs have "balance", which means that all subjects should receive the same number of treatments and that all subjects participate for the same number of periods. In most crossover trials, in fact, each subject receives all treatments. Statisticians suggest that designs have four periods, a design which allows studies to be truncated to three periods while still enjoying greater efficiency than the two-period design. However, the two-period design is often taught in non-statistical textbooks, partly because of its simplicity..comment A crossover study, also referred to as a crossover trial, is a longitudinal study in which subjects receive a sequence of different treatments (or exposures). While crossover studies can be observational studies, many important crossover studies are controlled experiments, which are discussed in this article. Crossover designs are common for experiments in many scientific disciplines, for example psychology, education, pharmaceutical science, and medicine..
8/37	==DB== Crossover jazz.Crossover jazz is a genre of music that is rooted in jazz but aims for mainstream popularity. Unlike the related genre smooth jazz, crossover jazz retains an emphasis on improvisation but attempts to make that improvisation commercially successful by couching it in a variety of marketable formats..comment Crossover jazz is a genre of music that is rooted in jazz but aims for mainstream popularity. Unlike the related genre smooth jazz, crossover jazz retains an emphasis on improvisation but attempts to make that improvisation commercially successful by couching it in a variety of marketable formats..
9/37	==DB== Crossover thrash.stylisticOrigins * Hardcore punk * thrash metal * speed metal * punk rock.instruments * Vocals * electric guitar * bass guitar * drums.derivatives * Bandana thrash * metalcore.Crossover thrash.Crossover thrash (often abbreviated to crossover) is musical fusion of thrash metal and hardcore punk. The genre lies on a continuum between heavy metal and punk rock. Other genres on the same continuum, such as grindcore and metalcore, may overlap with crossover thrash..comment Crossover thrash (often abbreviated to crossover) is musical fusion of thrash metal and hardcore punk. The genre lies on a continuum between heavy metal and punk rock. Other genres on the same continuum, such as grindcore and metalcore, may overlap with crossover thrash..
10/37	==DB== Crossover (fiction).A crossover is the placement of two or more otherwise discrete fictional characters, settings, or universes into the context of a single story. They can arise from legal agreements between the relevant copyright holders, unauthorized efforts by fans or common corporate ownership..comment A crossover is the placement of two or more otherwise discrete fictional characters, settings, or universes into the context of a single story. They can arise from legal agreements between the relevant copyright holders, unauthorized efforts by fans or common corporate ownership..
11/37	==DB== Mr. Patman.runtime 5820.0.released 1981-04-22.Crossover (1980 film).Mr. Patman (also known as Crossover) is a 1981 Canadian film directed by John Guillermin..comment Mr. Patman (also known as Crossover) is a 1981 Canadian film directed by John Guillermin..
12/37	==DB== Crossovers (dance).Crossovers are classic moves from Balboa (dance). The pattern is back - together - forward with a quick - quick - slow rhythm,or the down-hold rhythm. Lead: 1.   *  - Step back left 45 degrees with left foot, leaving follow behind (allow arms to extend) 2.   *  - Step back with right foot, bringing feet together. 3.   *  - Step forward with left foot, crossing it over right foot, and bring follow back into original position. 4.   *  - Hold. 5.   *  - Step back right 45 degrees with right foot, leaving follow behind (allow arms to extend). 6.   *  - Step back with left foot, bringing feet together. 7.   *  - Step forward with right foot, crossing it over left foot, and bring follow back into original position.  *  - Hold. Crossovers can be done where both are going to the same side, or they are alternating. Crossovers also include swivels and fall off the log. See also Lollies (dance), Throwouts (dance)..comment Crossovers are classic moves from Balboa (dance). The pattern is back - together - forward with a quick - quick - slow rhythm,or the down-hold rhythm. Lead: 1.   *  - Step back left 45 degrees with left foot, leaving follow behind (allow arms to extend) 2.   *  - Step back with right foot, bringing feet together. 3.   *  - Step forward with left foot, crossing it over right foot, and bring follow back into original position. 4.   *  - Hold. 5.   *  - Step back right 45 degrees with right foot, leaving follow behind (allow arms to extend). 6.   *  - Step back with left foot, bringing feet together. 7.   *  - Step forward with right foot, crossing it over left foot, and bring follow back into original position.  *  - Hold..
13/37	==DB== Crossover distortion.Crossover distortion is a type of distortion which is caused by switching between devices driving a load, most often when the devices (such as a transistor) are matched. It is most commonly seen in complementary, or "push-pull", Class-B amplifier stages, although it is occasionally seen in other types of circuits as well. The term crossover signifies the "crossing over" of the signal between devices, in this case, from the upper transistor to the lower and vice versa. The term is not related to the audio crossover—a filtering circuit which divides an audio signal into frequency bands..comment Crossover distortion is a type of distortion which is caused by switching between devices driving a load, most often when the devices (such as a transistor) are matched. It is most commonly seen in complementary, or "push-pull", Class-B amplifier stages, although it is occasionally seen in other types of circuits as well. The term crossover signifies the "crossing over" of the signal between devices, in this case, from the upper transistor to the lower and vice versa. The term is not related to the audio crossover—a filtering circuit which divides an audio signal into frequency bands..
14/37	==DB== CrossOver.
15/37	==DB== Crossover (music).
16/37	==DB== Crossovers in video games.Crossovers in video games occur when otherwise separated fictional characters, stories, settings, universes, or media in a video game meet and interact with each other. These may exist as a gimmick if two separate games in question are developed by the same company. Otherwise, they may exist as a gag from a rival company. The following is a list of games in which crossovers appear in either the form of a cameo of any kind, a guest character, or the theme of "crossover" in general in a video game itself:.comment Crossovers in video games occur when otherwise separated fictional characters, stories, settings, universes, or media in a video game meet and interact with each other. These may exist as a gimmick if two separate games in question are developed by the same company. Otherwise, they may exist as a gag from a rival company. The following is a list of games in which crossovers appear in either the form of a cameo of any kind, a guest character, or the theme of "crossover" in general in a video game itself:.
17/37	==DB== league IBL 2005-2007.founded 2005.mascot Spradley.logo Colorado crossover.png.Colorado Crossover.The Colorado Crossover were a professional basketball team in the International Basketball League. Based in Lakewood, Colorado, the Crossover began play in 2006, and lasted 2 seasons, compiling an overall 18-21 record. The Crossover were owned by Crossover Ministries and played their home games at Colorado Christian University..comment The Colorado Crossover were a professional basketball team in the International Basketball League. Based in Lakewood, Colorado, the Crossover began play in 2006, and lasted 2 seasons, compiling an overall 18-21 record. The Crossover were owned by Crossover Ministries and played their home games at Colorado Christian University..
18/37	==DB== Crossover.runtime 6660.0.starring Alecia Fears.budget 5800000.0.gross 7009668.0.Crossover (2006 film).Crossover is a 2006 American basketball film. Crossover stars Anthony Mackie, Wesley Jonathan, Wayne Brady, and Philip Champion in his film debut. It was written and directed by Preston A. Whitmore II and produced by Frank Mancuso Jr. Crossover was shot primarily in two cities in the United States, Detroit and Los Angeles. It was filmed between July 22, 2005 and August 28, 2005..comment Crossover is a 2006 American basketball film. Crossover stars Anthony Mackie, Wesley Jonathan, Wayne Brady, and Philip Champion in his film debut. It was written and directed by Preston A. Whitmore II and produced by Frank Mancuso Jr. Crossover was shot primarily in two cities in the United States, Detroit and Los Angeles. It was filmed between July 22, 2005 and August 28, 2005..
19/37	==DB== Crossover (genetic algorithm).In genetic algorithms, crossover is a genetic operator used to vary the programming of a chromosome or chromosomes from one generation to the next. It is analogous to reproduction and biological crossover, upon which genetic algorithms are based. Cross over is a process of taking more than one parent solutions and producing a child solution from them. There are methods for selection of the chromosomes. Those are also given below..comment In genetic algorithms, crossover is a genetic operator used to vary the programming of a chromosome or chromosomes from one generation to the next. It is analogous to reproduction and biological crossover, upon which genetic algorithms are based. Cross over is a process of taking more than one parent solutions and producing a child solution from them. There are methods for selection of the chromosomes. Those are also given below..
20/37	==DB== Audio crossover.Audio crossovers are a class of electronic filter used in audio applications. Most individual loudspeaker drivers are incapable of covering the entire audio spectrum from low frequencies to high frequencies with acceptable relative volume and absence of distortion so most hi-fi speaker systems use a combination of multiple loudspeaker drivers, each catering to a different frequency band. Crossovers split the audio signal into separate frequency bands that can be separately routed to loudspeakers optimized for those bands. Active crossovers are distinguished from passive crossovers in that they divide the audio signal prior to amplification. Active crossovers come in both digital and analog varieties. Digital active crossovers often include additional signal processing, such as limiting, delay, and equalization. Signal crossovers allow the audio signal to be split into bands that are processed separately before they are mixed together again. Some examples are: multiband dynamics (compression, limiting, de-essing), multiband distortion, bass enhancement, high frequency exciters, and noise reduction such as Dolby A noise reduction..comment Audio crossovers are a class of electronic filter used in audio applications. Most individual loudspeaker drivers are incapable of covering the entire audio spectrum from low frequencies to high frequencies with acceptable relative volume and absence of distortion so most hi-fi speaker systems use a combination of multiple loudspeaker drivers, each catering to a different frequency band. Crossovers split the audio signal into separate frequency bands that can be separately routed to loudspeakers optimized for those bands..
21/37	==DB== Crossover dribble.A crossover dribble is a basketball maneuver in which a player dribbling the ball switches the ball rapidly from one hand to the other, to make a change in direction. In a typical example the player heads upcourt, dribbling the ball in (say) the left hand, then makes a wide step left with a good head fake. If the defender is deceived, the player can then switch to dribbling with the right hand and surpass the defender. The crossover can allow the player an open short jumper or a clear path to the basket. There are six basic types of crossover:  *  Normal Crossover: In a normal crossover the player quickly changes direction while switching the ball to the opposite hand. This move relies primarily on speed. Basketball analysts have cited Derrick Rose and Russell Westbrook to be perfectionists at this certain crossover.  *  Half Crossover (Also known as the "In and Out"): In a half crossover, a player brings the ball from one side of their body across their chest and back to the original position in one movement. The move is often done with a head fake and a step towards the opposite side of the original position to make it more "believable". A variation of the move may include the player doing a normal crossover after the half crossover to cause further difficulty for the defensive player.  *  Killer Crossover: In this move the player fakes in one direction, generally with a wide step and a head fake and usually from a standstill. The player then switches the dribble to the other hand between his legs and moves in that direction. This is one of the most effective methods of escaping a defender who is guarding closely. It is also popular in streetball because it can cause the defender to lose balance and fall in trying to react too quickly. Tim Hardaway was known for his version of this move calling it the "UTEP Two-step".  *  Behind the back Crossover (Also known as the "Shake and Bake"): Behind the back crossover is the same as the usual crossover except the ball is dribbled behind the player. Another version of this move is called the "wraparound," in which the player cups the ball in his hand and brings it around his back to the other side of his body in one quick, smooth motion. Jamal Crawford is known for this trick.  *  Double Crossover: This move can be considered a feigned crossover. The offensive player crosses the ball over (as with a normal or killer crossover) then quickly crosses the ball back to its original position. The double crossover is not aimed at breaking free of the defender so much as causing confusion and breaking the defender's balance. This move can also be replicated going between the legs or behind the back. Allen Iverson popularized this move in the early 2000s.  *  Ankle-Breaking Crossover: When a crossover move is performed and the defender trips over himself. This move is used by Kyrie Irving, Chris Paul, Stephen Curry and Damian Lillard. The original crossover move has been used by all five positions on the court, but particularly by point and shooting guards. The first crossover was seen in a street basketball game at the Rucker Park by the street legend Richard (Rick) "Pee Wee" Kirkland. Oscar Robertson was known to do the move as early as the 1960s as well as Dwayne Washington while playing for Syracuse during the early 1980s, but Tim Hardaway is credited for popularising the killer crossover in the NBA, while Allen Iverson popularised the double crossover..comment A crossover dribble is a basketball maneuver in which a player dribbling the ball switches the ball rapidly from one hand to the other, to make a change in direction. In a typical example the player heads upcourt, dribbling the ball in (say) the left hand, then makes a wide step left with a good head fake. If the defender is deceived, the player can then switch to dribbling with the right hand and surpass the defender. The crossover can allow the player an open short jumper or a clear path to the basket. There are six basic types of crossover:.
22/37	==SS== 
23/37	==SS== To die.''Sarah's grandmother '''crossed over''' last night.'' 
24/37	==DB== 105.1 Crossover.
25/37	==DB== Ethernet crossover cable.An Ethernet crossover cable is a type of Ethernet cable used to connect computing devices together directly. It is most often used to connect two devices of the same type: e.g. two computers (via network interface controller) or two switches to each other. By contrast, patch cables or straight through cables are used to connect devices of different types, such as a computer to a network switch or hub. Many devices today support Auto MDI-X capability, wherein a patch cable can be used in place of a crossover cable, or vice versa, and the receive and transmit signals are reconfigured automatically to yield the expected result..comment An Ethernet crossover cable is a type of Ethernet cable used to connect computing devices together directly. It is most often used to connect two devices of the same type: e.g. two computers (via network interface controller) or two switches to each other. By contrast, patch cables or straight through cables are used to connect devices of different types, such as a computer to a network switch or hub..
26/37	==DB== Crossover experiment (chemistry).In chemistry, a crossover experiment is a method used to study the mechanism of a chemical reaction. In a crossover experiment, two similar but distinguishable reactants simultaneously undergo a reaction as part of the same reaction mixture. The products formed will either correspond directly to one of the two reactants (non-crossover products) or will include components of both reactants (crossover products). The aim of a crossover experiment is to determine whether or not a reaction process involves a stage where the components of each reactant have an opportunity to exchange with each other. The results of crossover experiments are often straightforward to analyze, making them one of the most useful and most frequently applied methods of mechanistic study. In organic chemistry crossover experiments are most often used to distinguish between intramolecular and intermolecular reactions.Inorganic and organometallic chemists rely heavily on crossover experiments, and in particular isotopic labeling experiments, for support or contradiction of proposed mechanisms. When the mechanism being investigated is more complicated than an intra- or intermolecular substitution or rearrangement, crossover experiment design can itself become a challenging question. A well-designed crossover experiment can lead to conclusions about a mechanism that would otherwise be impossible to make. Many mechanistic studies include both crossover experiments and measurements of rate and kinetic isotope effects..comment In chemistry, a crossover experiment is a method used to study the mechanism of a chemical reaction. In a crossover experiment, two similar but distinguishable reactants simultaneously undergo a reaction as part of the same reaction mixture. The products formed will either correspond directly to one of the two reactants (non-crossover products) or will include components of both reactants (crossover products). The aim of a crossover experiment is to determine whether or not a reaction process involves a stage where the components of each reactant have an opportunity to exchange with each other..
27/37	==DB== Chromosomal crossover.Chromosomal crossover (or crossing over) is the exchange of genetic material between homologous chromosomes that results in recombinant chromosomes during sexual reproduction. It is one of the final phases of genetic recombination, which occurs in the pachytene stage of prophase I of meiosis during a process called synapsis. Synapsis begins before the synaptonemal complex develops and is not completed until near the end of prophase I. Crossover usually occurs when matching regions on matching chromosomes break and then reconnect to the other chromosome. Crossing over was described, in theory, by Thomas Hunt Morgan. He relied on the discovery of the Belgian Professor Frans Alfons Janssens of the University of Leuven who described the phenomenon in 1909 and had called it "chiasmatypie". The term chiasma is linked if not identical to chromosomal crossover. Morgan immediately saw the great importance of Janssens' cytological interpretation of chiasmata to the experimental results of his research on the heredity of Drosophila. The physical basis of crossing over was first demonstrated by Harriet Creighton and Barbara McClintock in 1931..comment Chromosomal crossover (or crossing over) is the exchange of genetic material between homologous chromosomes that results in recombinant chromosomes during sexual reproduction. It is one of the final phases of genetic recombination, which occurs in the pachytene stage of prophase I of meiosis during a process called synapsis. Synapsis begins before the synaptonemal complex develops and is not completed until near the end of prophase I. Crossover usually occurs when matching regions on matching chromosomes break and then reconnect to the other chromosome..
28/37	==DB== publisher Code6 Comics.title The Crossovers.The Crossovers.The Crossovers is a comic book series created in 2003 by Robert Rodi (writer), Mauricet (penciller #1-6) and Ernie Colón (inker), and published by CrossGen. The comics are self-referential and multi-genre satire..comment The Crossovers is a comic book series created in 2003 by Robert Rodi (writer), Mauricet (penciller #1-6) and Ernie Colón (inker), and published by CrossGen. The comics are self-referential and multi-genre satire..
29/37	==DB== Crossover.length 3817.0.released 1995-09-01.nextAlbum Take Off and Landing.Crossover (Yoshinori Sunahara album).Crossover is a 1995 Yoshinori Sunahara album..comment Crossover is a 1995 Yoshinori Sunahara album..
30/37	==DB== Crossover (automobile).A crossover or crossover utility vehicle (CUV), is a vehicle built on a car platform and combining, in highly variable degrees, features of a sport utility vehicle (SUV) with features from a passenger vehicle, especially those of a station wagon or hatchback. Using the unibody construction typical of passenger vehicles instead of the body-on-frame platform used in light trucks and the original SUVs, the crossover combines SUV design features such as tall interior packaging, high H-point seating, high center of gravity, high ground-clearance or all-wheel-drive capability – with design features from an automobile such as a passenger vehicle's platform, independent rear suspension, car-like handling, lighter weight and better fuel economy than trucks or truck-based vehicles. A crossover may borrow features from a station wagon or hatchback, such as the two-box design of a shared passenger/cargo volume with rear access via a third or fifth door, a liftgate – and flexibility to allow configurations that favor either passenger or cargo volume, e.g., fold-down rear seats. Crossovers are offered with front wheel drive, rear wheel drive or all-wheel drive configurations. Crossovers are typically designed for only light off-road capability, if any at all..comment A crossover or crossover utility vehicle (CUV), is a vehicle built on a car platform and combining, in highly variable degrees, features of a sport utility vehicle (SUV) with features from a passenger vehicle, especially those of a station wagon or hatchback. A crossover may borrow features from a station wagon or hatchback, such as the two-box design of a shared passenger/cargo volume with rear access via a third or fifth door, a liftgate – and flexibility to allow configurations that favor either passenger or cargo volume, e.g., fold-down rear seats..
31/37	==DB== Mitotic crossover.Mitotic recombination is a type of genetic recombination that may occur in somatic cells during their preparation for mitosis in both sexual and asexual organisms. In asexual organisms, the study of mitotic recombination is one way to understand genetic linkage because it is the only source of recombination within an individual. Additionally, mitotic recombination can result in the expression of recessive genes in an otherwise heterozygous individual. This expression has important implications for the study of tumorigenesis and lethal recessive genes..comment Mitotic recombination is a type of genetic recombination that may occur in somatic cells during their preparation for mitosis in both sexual and asexual organisms. In asexual organisms, the study of mitotic recombination is one way to understand genetic linkage because it is the only source of recombination within an individual. Additionally, mitotic recombination can result in the expression of recessive genes in an otherwise heterozygous individual. This expression has important implications for the study of tumorigenesis and lethal recessive genes..
32/37	==SS== To pass from one side or area, physical or abstract, to another.''To reach the other bank of the river, we tried '''crossing over''' on a log.'' ''Not many actors are so easily able to '''cross over''' from television to film.'' 
33/37	==DB== Crossover effects.In linguistics, crossover effects are restrictions on possible binding or coreference found between certain phrases and pronouns. Coreference (or coindexation) that is normal and natural when a pronoun follows its antecedent becomes impossible, or at best just marginally possible, when "crossover" is deemed to have occurred, e.g. ?Who1 do his1 friends admire __1? The term itself refers to the traditional transformational analysis of sentences containing leftward movement (e.g. wh-movement, topicalization), whereby it appears as though the fronted constituent crosses over the expression (usually a pronoun) with which it is coindexed on its way to the front of the clause. Crossover effects are divided into strong crossover (SCO) and weak crossover (WCO). The phenomenon occurs in English and related languages, and it may be present in all natural languages that allow fronting..comment In linguistics, crossover effects are restrictions on possible binding or coreference found between certain phrases and pronouns. Coreference (or coindexation) that is normal and natural when a pronoun follows its antecedent becomes impossible, or at best just marginally possible, when "crossover" is deemed to have occurred, e.g. ?Who1 do his1 friends admire __1? The term itself refers to the traditional transformational analysis of sentences containing leftward movement (e.g. wh-movement, topicalization), whereby it appears as though the fronted constituent crosses over the expression (usually a pronoun) with which it is coindexed on its way to the front of the clause. Crossover effects are divided into strong crossover (SCO) and weak crossover (WCO). The phenomenon occurs in English and .
34/37	==DB== The Crossover.publisher HMH Books for Young Readers.pages 240.isbn 544107713.congress PZ7.5.A44 Cr 201.oclc 842316307.The Crossover.The Crossover is a 2014 children's book by American author Kwame Alexander and the winner of the 2015 Newbery Medal and Coretta Scott King Award Honor. The book, which is told entirely through verse, was first published in the United States in hardback on March 18, 2014 through HMH Books for Young Readers. The story follows two African-American twin brothers that share a love for basketball but find themselves drifting apart as they head into their junior high school years. They also run into many obstacles that they must overcome..comment The Crossover is a 2014 children's book by American author Kwame Alexander and the winner of the 2015 Newbery Medal and Coretta Scott King Award Honor. The book, which is told entirely through verse, was first published in the United States in hardback on March 18, 2014 through HMH Books for Young Readers. The story follows two African-American twin brothers that share a love for basketball but find themselves drifting apart as they head into their junior high school years. They also run into many obstacles that they must overcome..
35/37	==DB== Crossover (rail).
36/37	==DB== Crossover (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)."Crossover" is the 43rd episode of the science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine the 23rd episode of the second season. It is the first Deep Space Nine Mirror Universe episode..comment "Crossover" is the 43rd episode of the science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine the 23rd episode of the second season. It is the first Deep Space Nine Mirror Universe episode..
37/37	==DB== Crossover.yearsActive 2001.background group_or_band.Desire, Punch, International DeeJay Gigolo.Crossover (band).Crossover is an American darkbeat duo from New York City. Their first full-length album, Fantasmo, was released in 2001..comment Crossover is an American darkbeat duo from New York City. Their first full-length album, Fantasmo, was released in 2001..
===137	cut off	13
1/13	==DB== Meander cutoff.A meander cutoff occurs when a meander bend in a river is breached by a chute channel that connects the two closest parts of the bend. This causes the flow to abandon the meander and to continue straight downslope. Cutoffs are a natural part of the evolution of a meandering river, and have also been used to artificially shorten the length of meandering rivers for navigation. The stagnant part of the river will sometimes form an oxbow lake..comment A meander cutoff occurs when a meander bend in a river is breached by a chute channel that connects the two closest parts of the bend. This causes the flow to abandon the meander and to continue straight downslope. Cutoffs are a natural part of the evolution of a meandering river, and have also been used to artificially shorten the length of meandering rivers for navigation. The stagnant part of the river will sometimes form an oxbow lake..
2/13	==DB== Cutoff (meteorology).
3/13	==SS== To remove via cutting.
4/13	==DB== Cutoff frequency.In physics and electrical engineering, a cutoff frequency, corner frequency, or break frequency is a boundary in a system's frequency response at which energy flowing through the system begins to be reduced (attenuated or reflected) rather than passing through. Typically in electronic systems such as filters and communication channels, cutoff frequency applies to an edge in a lowpass, highpass, bandpass, or band-stop characteristic – a frequency characterizing a boundary between a passband and a stopband. It is sometimes taken to be the point in the filter response where a transition band and passband meet, for example, as defined by a 3 dB corner (a frequency for which the output of the circuit is −3 dB of the nominal passband value). Alternatively, a stopband corner frequency may be specified as a point where a transition band and a stopband meet: a frequency for which the attenuation is larger than the required stopband attenuation, which for example may be 30 dB or 100 dB. In the case of a waveguide or an antenna, the cutoff frequencies correspond to the lower and upper cutoff wavelengths..comment In physics and electrical engineering, a cutoff frequency, corner frequency, or break frequency is a boundary in a system's frequency response at which energy flowing through the system begins to be reduced (attenuated or reflected) rather than passing through. In the case of a waveguide or an antenna, the cutoff frequencies correspond to the lower and upper cutoff wavelengths..
5/13	==DB== Cutoff voltage.In electronics, the cut-off voltage is the voltage at which a battery is considered fully discharged, beyond which further discharge could cause harm. Some electronic devices, such as cell phones, will automatically shut down when the cut-off voltage has been reached..comment In electronics, the cut-off voltage is the voltage at which a battery is considered fully discharged, beyond which further discharge could cause harm. Some electronic devices, such as cell phones, will automatically shut down when the cut-off voltage has been reached..
6/13	==SS== fuse.''A [[thermal]] cut-off''. 
7/13	==DB== Thermal cutoff.A thermal cutoff is an electrical safety device that interrupts electric current when heated to a specific temperature. These devices may be for one-time use or may be reset manually or automatically..comment A thermal cutoff is an electrical safety device that interrupts electric current when heated to a specific temperature. These devices may be for one-time use or may be reset manually or automatically..
8/13	==DB== Railroad cutoff.A railroad (or railway) cutoff (or cut-off) is a new railroad line built to replace or supplement an existing route, typically one where the old line is deficient for some reason..comment A railroad (or railway) cutoff (or cut-off) is a new railroad line built to replace or supplement an existing route, typically one where the old line is deficient for some reason..
9/13	==DB== Cutoff (steam engine).In a steam engine, cutoff is the point in the piston stroke at which the inlet valve is closed. On a steam locomotive, the cutoff is controlled by the reversing gear. The point at which the inlet valve closes and stops the entry of steam into the cylinder from the boiler plays a crucial role in the control of a steam engine. Once the valve has closed, steam trapped in the cylinder expands adiabatically. The steam pressure drops as it expands. A late cutoff delivers full steam pressure to move the piston through its entire stroke, for maximum start-up forces. But, since there will still be unexploited pressure in the cylinder at the end of the stroke, this is achieved at the expense of engine efficiency. In this situation the steam will still have considerable pressure remaining when it is exhausted resulting in the characteristic “chuff chuff” sound of a steam engine. An early cutoff has greater thermodynamic efficiency but results in a lower Mean effective pressure so less average force on the piston and is used for running the engine at higher speeds. The steam engine is the only thermodynamic engine design that can provide its maximum torque at zero revolutions per minute..comment In a steam engine, cutoff is the point in the piston stroke at which the inlet valve is closed. On a steam locomotive, the cutoff is controlled by the reversing gear. The point at which the inlet valve closes and stops the entry of steam into the cylinder from the boiler plays a crucial role in the control of a steam engine. Once the valve has closed, steam trapped in the cylinder expands adiabatically. The steam pressure drops as it expands. A late cutoff delivers full steam pressure to move the piston through its entire stroke, for maximum start-up forces. But, since there will still be unexploited pressure in the cylinder at the end of the stroke, this is achieved at the expense of engine efficiency. In this situation the steam will still have considerable pressure remaining when it is .
10/13	==DB== Cutoff (reference value).
11/13	==DB== Cutoff grade.The cut-off grade is the level below which material within an ore body does not contain sufficient value to economically justify processing into a final salable form. The initial mine cut-off grade is estimated or chosen during a mining feasibility study, but is subject to change due to greater knowledge obtain about the deposit or changes in market conditions..comment The cut-off grade is the level below which material within an ore body does not contain sufficient value to economically justify processing into a final salable form. The initial mine cut-off grade is estimated or chosen during a mining feasibility study, but is subject to change due to greater knowledge obtain about the deposit or changes in market conditions..
12/13	==DB== Cutoff (physics).In theoretical physics, cutoff is an arbitrary maximal or minimal value of energy, momentum, or length, used in order that objects with larger or smaller values than these physical quantities are ignored in some calculation. It is usually represented within a particular energy or length scale, such as Planck units. When used in this context, the traditional terms "infrared" and "ultraviolet" are not literal references to specific regions of the spectrum..comment In theoretical physics, cutoff is an arbitrary maximal or minimal value of energy, momentum, or length, used in order that objects with larger or smaller values than these physical quantities are ignored in some calculation. It is usually represented within a particular energy or length scale, such as Planck units. When used in this context, the traditional terms "infrared" and "ultraviolet" are not literal references to specific regions of the spectrum..
13/13	==DB== Cutoff (metalworking).
===138	deep down	3
1/3	==DB== Deep Down.producer Pam Tillis, Mike Poole.length 200.0.released 1995-10-07.format 7.0.bSide "Tequila Mockingbird".lastSingle "In Between Dances".nextSingle "The River and the Highway".Deep Down (song)."Deep Down" is a song written by Walt Aldridge and John Jarrard, and recorded by American country music artist Pam Tillis. It was released in October 1995 as the first single from the album All of This Love. The song reached #6 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart..comment "Deep Down" is a song written by Walt Aldridge and John Jarrard, and recorded by American country music artist Pam Tillis. It was released in October 1995 as the first single from the album All of This Love. The song reached #6 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart..
2/3	==DB== publisher Capcom.producer Kazunori Sugiura.title Deep Down.Deep Down (video game).Deep Down is the working title for an upcoming action role-playing developed by Capcom and SIE Japan Studio for the PlayStation 4. Deep Down is a single-player game with the option to have up to four players in co-op multiplayer, with random players dropping into the player's world to help them defeat monsters and find artifacts..comment Deep Down is the working title for an upcoming action role-playing developed by Capcom and SIE Japan Studio for the PlayStation 4. Deep Down is a single-player game with the option to have up to four players in co-op multiplayer, with random players dropping into the player's world to help them defeat monsters and find artifacts..
3/3	==SS== Fundamentally; in essence; in reality''He seems like an average businessman, but '''deep down''' he's an overgrown kid with a necktie.'' 
===139	double up	8
1/8	==DB== Double Up.producer *R. Kelly *.writer *.writer *R. Kelly *.writer *Charles Bereal.length 288.0.artist R. Kelly featuring Snoop Dogg.Double Up (R. Kelly song)."Double Up" is a song off R&B singer R. Kelly's eighth studio album of the same name. The song features Snoop Dogg, and revolves around Kelly's efforts to leave the club with two women (hence, he's "doubling up"). "Double Up" was in contention to be the third single released off the album; however, the other contender, "Rock Star," featuring Ludacris and Kid Rock, was chosen to be the third single. However, it reached number 1 on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart shortly after the album was released. The song samples "Ice Berg" from singer-songwriter Tweet's 2005 album It's Me Again..comment "Double Up" is a song off R&B singer R. Kelly's eighth studio album of the same name. The song features Snoop Dogg, and revolves around Kelly's efforts to leave the club with two women (hence, he's "doubling up"). "Double Up" was in contention to be the third single released off the album; however, the other contender, "Rock Star," featuring Ludacris and Kid Rock, was chosen to be the third single. However, it reached number 1 on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart shortly after the album was released. The song samples "Ice Berg" from singer-songwriter Tweet's 2005 album It's Me Again..
2/8	==DB== title Double Up.Double Up (sculpture).Double Up is a public art work by Australian-American artist Clement Meadmore located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The sculpture is an abstract, twisting form made of weathering steel; it is installed on the lawn..comment Double Up is a public art work by Australian-American artist Clement Meadmore located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The sculpture is an abstract, twisting form made of weathering steel; it is installed on the lawn..
3/8	==DB== Double Up.length 4579.0.released 2007-05-29.lastAlbum TP.3 Reloaded.nextAlbum Untitled.Double Up (R. Kelly album).Double Up is the eighth studio album by American R&B singer and songwriter R. Kelly. It was released on May 29, 2007, by Jive Records, distributed by Zomba Label Group. The album features the contributions with guest appearances and also the productions, which was handled by R. Kelly, alongside with Swizz Beatz, The Runners, Snoop Dogg, Khao, Nelly, Chamillionaire and Polow da Don. Its lead single, his remix to "I'm a Flirt", which features guest vocals from American rapper T.I. and American recording artist T-Pain; attaining the prominence of the success on the Billboard's Top 40 charts, while it peaked at number one on the US Top Hot Rap Tracks chart. The album features the contributions with guest appearances and also the productions, which was handled by R. Kelly, alongside with Swizz Beatz, The Runners, Snoop Dogg, Khao, Nelly, Chamillionaire and Polow da Don. Prior to the album's release, three songs were leaked onto the Internet: second single "Same Girl", which features Usher; "Rise Up", a song which only appeared on some releases, a tribute to the victims of the Virginia Tech massacre in April 2007; also making an early appearance was a song titled "Blow It Up", at first supposed to be featured on the album but absent from the final track listing, mainly due to the inappropriate mood it would have created because of the presence of the Virginia Tech shooting tribute song "Rise Up". "Rock Star", which features Ludacris and Kid Rock, was released as the album's third single on September 4. A video for the song "Real Talk" was also made directly on YouTube. On May 25, 2007, four days before the album's release, the explicit version of the album became available for purchase on iTunes. The edited version became available on May 29, 2007, with a bonus track version available a day later. On June 3, 2007 it entered the UK Albums Chart at #10. The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, with first-week sales of 386,000 copies, making this his fifth album to debut at number-one. To date, the album has sold 1,200,000 copies in the United States..comment Double Up is the eighth studio album by American R&B singer and songwriter R. Kelly. It was released on May 29, 2007, by Jive Records, distributed by Zomba Label Group. The album features the contributions with guest appearances and also the productions, which was handled by R. Kelly, alongside with Swizz Beatz, The Runners, Snoop Dogg, Khao, Nelly, Chamillionaire and Polow da Don. The album features the contributions with guest appearances and also the productions, which was handled by R. Kelly, alongside with Swizz Beatz, The Runners, Snoop Dogg, Khao, Nelly, Chamillionaire and Polow da Don..
4/8	==DB== producer Jack Budgell.runtime 1800.0.showName Double Up.numSeasons 1.firstAired 1974-07-01.lastAired 1974-10-05.Double Up (Canadian game show).Double Up is a Canadian quiz show television series which aired on CBC Television in 1974..comment Double Up is a Canadian quiz show television series which aired on CBC Television in 1974..
5/8	==DB== Double Up.length 3863.0.released --06-15.lastAlbum Harlem World.nextAlbum Welcome Back.Double Up (Mase album).Double Up is the second studio album by Harlem rapper Mase, released in 1999 and distributed by Bad Boy Records. The album sold 107,000 copies in its first week, debuting at #11 and was certified Gold by the RIAA exactly one month after its release on July 15, 1999. Shortly after the release, Mase retired from rapping to become a Christian pastor..comment Double Up is the second studio album by Harlem rapper Mase, released in 1999 and distributed by Bad Boy Records. The album sold 107,000 copies in its first week, debuting at #11 and was certified Gold by the RIAA exactly one month after its release on July 15, 1999. Shortly after the release, Mase retired from rapping to become a Christian pastor..
6/8	==DB== runtime 30.0.showName Double Up.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 7.company Slam Dunk Productions.lastAired 1992-10-17.Double Up (U.S. game show).Double Up is an American game show that aired on NBC Saturday mornings from September 5 to October 17, 1992. J. D. Roth hosted as well as being one of its executive producers. A rap DJ named Disco served as announcer. (Dick Clark Productions and MCA TV produced a completely unrelated pilot in 1987 also called Double Up, hosted by Jamie Farr; the show was not picked up, but Farr was still promoted as being host of the show when he appeared during a "Game Show Hosts" week in 1987 on the NBC game show Scrabble.).comment Double Up is an American game show that aired on NBC Saturday mornings from September 5 to October 17, 1992. J. D. Roth hosted as well as being one of its executive producers. A rap DJ named Disco served as announcer. (Dick Clark Productions and MCA TV produced a completely unrelated pilot in 1987 also called Double Up, hosted by Jamie Farr; the show was not picked up, but Farr was still promoted as being host of the show when he appeared during a "Game Show Hosts" week in 1987 on the NBC game show Scrabble.).
7/8	==DB== Pinoy Big Brother: Double Up.Pinoy Big Brother: Double Up was the third regular season and the seventh series overall of Pinoy Big Brother, which began on October 4, 2009 on ABS-CBN. Toni Gonzaga, Mariel Rodriguez, and Bianca Gonzalez reprised their hosting duties this season. It ran for 133 days until February 13, 2010, which broke Season 2's record for the longest stay of housemates inside the house by only one week. There were two sets of auditions for this season. The first set was held in late 2007 at several cities in the Philippines, as well as the cities of Madrid, Milan, and Dubai. Those auditions also produced the housemates for Pinoy Big Brother: Teen Edition Plus. A second series of auditions, which included selections for the third Teen Edition, were held in several key cities in the Philippines and the cities of Tokyo and San Francisco. An estimated 57,824 people attended the auditions. From those two auditions, only 50 people were reportedly chosen for the shortlist. A total of 26 housemates entered the House, with 14 on Day 1 and ten on Day 7. The last two housemates entered on Day 43. The winner of the new season received an LCD TV set, an Asian tour package, a business package, a house and lot, and PHP 1 million in cash. The winner also donated another PHP 1 million to a charity of their choice, making Double Up the first non-celebrity season to do so. This season also marked the return of Pinoy Big Brother UpLate, after being replaced by Pinoy Big Brother Über in the second Celebrity Edition and Pinoy Big Brother: Teen Edition Plus. Mariel continued hosting Über while Bianca took the helm for UpLate. Episodes from the previous week were also recapped through a weekend program on Studio 23 entitled Pinoy Big Brother: Primetime Weekends on 23 and delayed, but unedited late morning/early afternoon feed through Pinoy Big Brother: Raw on Studio 23. Melisa Cantiveros emerged as the winner of this season..comment Pinoy Big Brother: Double Up was the third regular season and the seventh series overall of Pinoy Big Brother, which began on October 4, 2009 on ABS-CBN. Toni Gonzaga, Mariel Rodriguez, and Bianca Gonzalez reprised their hosting duties this season. It ran for 133 days until February 13, 2010, which broke Season 2's record for the longest stay of housemates inside the house by only one week. Melisa Cantiveros emerged as the winner of this season..
8/8	==SS== To double the quantity, amount or duration of something''I'm going to '''double up''' my enlistment.'' 
===140	do over	4
1/4	==DB== writer Kenny Schwartz.writer Rick Wiener.writer Casey Johnson.writer Alan R. Cohen.writer Jonathan Fener.writer Alan Freedland.writer Marsha Myers.writer David Windsor.runtime 1800.0.creator Kenny Schwartz.showName Do Over.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 15.executiveProducer Kenny Schwartz.executiveProducer Rick Wiener.company Littlefield Company.company MHS Productions.company 3.firstAired 2002-09-19.lastAired 2002-12-05.opentheme "Do it Over", performed by Go-Go's.Do Over.Do Over is an American sitcom created by Kenny Schwartz and Rick Wiener about a man who gets a chance to relive his childhood. The series, which was originally broadcast on The WB in 2002, stars Penn Badgley..comment Do Over is an American sitcom created by Kenny Schwartz and Rick Wiener about a man who gets a chance to relive his childhood. The series, which was originally broadcast on The WB in 2002, stars Penn Badgley..
2/4	==SS== To cover with; to smear or spread on to.
3/4	==DB== Do Over (Transformers).
4/4	==DB== Do Overs and Second Chances.type EP.released 2010-04-20.lastAlbum Welcome to Life.nextAlbum Lucky Street.Do Overs and Second Chances.Do Overs and Second Chances is the second EP from the American rock band Go Radio. It was released April 20, 2010 on Fearless. The EP was originally planned to be only 5 tracks, however, Go Radio returned to the studio in early 2010 to record two more additional tracks. In 2010, Do Overs and Second Chances sold more than 15,000 copies in the U.S. The track "Goodnight Moon" was later included in the deluxe edition of Lucky Street (2011)..comment Do Overs and Second Chances is the second EP from the American rock band Go Radio. It was released April 20, 2010 on Fearless. The EP was originally planned to be only 5 tracks, however, Go Radio returned to the studio in early 2010 to record two more additional tracks. In 2010, Do Overs and Second Chances sold more than 15,000 copies in the U.S. The track "Goodnight Moon" was later included in the deluxe edition of Lucky Street (2011)..
===141	dressing up	3
1/3	==SS== 
2/3	==DB== Dressing Up.
3/3	==DB== Disguise.A disguise can be anything which conceals or changes a person's physical appearance, including a wig, glasses, makeup, costume or other items. Camouflage is a type of disguise for people, animals and objects. Hats, glasses, changes in hair style or wigs, plastic surgery, and make-up are also used. Disguises can be used by criminals and secret agents seeking to avoid identification. A person working for an agency trying to get information might go 'undercover' to get information without being recognised by the public; a celebrity may go 'incognito' in order to avoid unwelcome press attention. In comic books and films, disguises are often used by superheroes, and in science fiction they may be used by aliens. Dressing up in costumes is a Halloween tradition..comment A disguise can be anything which conceals or changes a person's physical appearance, including a wig, glasses, makeup, costume or other items. Camouflage is a type of disguise for people, animals and objects. Hats, glasses, changes in hair style or wigs, plastic surgery, and make-up are also used..
===142	drive on	2
1/2	==DB== Roll-on/roll-off.Roll-on/roll-off (RORO or ro-ro) ships are vessels designed to carry wheeled cargo, such as cars, trucks, semi-trailer trucks, trailers, and railroad cars, that are driven on and off the ship on their own wheels or using a platform vehicle, such as a self-propelled modular transporter. This is in contrast to lift-on/lift-off (LoLo) vessels, which use a crane to load and unload cargo. RORO vessels have either built-in or shore-based ramps that allow the cargo to be efficiently rolled on and off the vessel when in port. While smaller ferries that operate across rivers and other short distances often have built-in ramps, the term RORO is generally reserved for large oceangoing vessels. The ramps and doors may be located in stern, bow or sides, or any combination thereof..comment Roll-on/roll-off (RORO or ro-ro) ships are vessels designed to carry wheeled cargo, such as cars, trucks, semi-trailer trucks, trailers, and railroad cars, that are driven on and off the ship on their own wheels or using a platform vehicle, such as a self-propelled modular transporter. This is in contrast to lift-on/lift-off (LoLo) vessels, which use a crane to load and unload cargo..
2/2	==DB== Drive On.Drive On."Drive On" is a 1989 single by British boy band / pop group Brother Beyond, taken from their second album, Trust. It made the Top 40 on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 39, in October 1989. It was their fifth consecutive hit to peak inside the Top 40..comment "Drive On" is a 1989 single by British boy band / pop group Brother Beyond, taken from their second album, Trust. It made the Top 40 on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 39, in October 1989. It was their fifth consecutive hit to peak inside the Top 40..
===143	drop out	9
1/9	==DB== 
2/9	==DB== High school dropouts.Dropping out means leaving a school, college, university or group for practical reasons, necessities, or disillusionment with the system from which the individual in question leaves..comment Dropping out means leaving a school, college, university or group for practical reasons, necessities, or disillusionment with the system from which the individual in question leaves..
3/9	==DB== Dropout (neural networks).Dropout is a regularization technique for reducing overfitting in neural networks by preventing complex co-adaptations on training data. It is a very efficient way of performing model averaging with neural networks. The term "dropout" refers to dropping out units (both hidden and visible) in a neural network..comment Dropout is a regularization technique for reducing overfitting in neural networks by preventing complex co-adaptations on training data. It is a very efficient way of performing model averaging with neural networks. The term "dropout" refers to dropping out units (both hidden and visible) in a neural network..
4/9	==DB== Dropout (electronics).
5/9	==DB== Dropout (bicycle part).
6/9	==DB== Dropout (astronomy).In astronomy, dropout is a radiation source whose radiation intensity falls off sharply below a specific wavelength. The source will be easily visible when its light is filtered to wavelengths longer than the cutoff value, but will "drop out" of the image when it is filtered to wavelengths shorter than the threshold. This is a standard method for locating distant galaxies in deep field images. Because the hydrogen that surrounds the galaxies absorbs light with a wavelength around 100 nanometers, the galaxies have a natural dropout threshold. The exact wavelength of this threshold is redshifted and can be used to determine the distance to the galaxy..comment In astronomy, dropout is a radiation source whose radiation intensity falls off sharply below a specific wavelength. The source will be easily visible when its light is filtered to wavelengths longer than the cutoff value, but will "drop out" of the image when it is filtered to wavelengths shorter than the threshold..
7/9	==DB== Dropout.writer Tinto Brass.writer Roberto Lerici.writer Franco Longo.runtime 6540.0.country Italy.released United States:.released France:.released Italy:.released January, 1975.released 1970-12-18.released 1971-02-22.editing Tinto Brass.Dropout (1970 film).Dropout is a 1970 Italian romantic drama directed by Tinto Brass. It stars real-life couple, Franco Nero and Vanessa Redgrave. They also worked with Brass a year later on the drama, La vacanza. Dropout was released in France on December 18, 1970, followed by a theatrical release in Italy on February 22, 1971..comment Dropout is a 1970 Italian romantic drama directed by Tinto Brass. It stars real-life couple, Franco Nero and Vanessa Redgrave. They also worked with Brass a year later on the drama, La vacanza. Dropout was released in France on December 18, 1970, followed by a theatrical release in Italy on February 22, 1971..
8/9	==SS== To leave (school, a race, etc.) prematurely and voluntarily.''Nothing went well in high school, so he '''dropped out'''.'' 
9/9	==DB== The College Dropout.producer Kareem "Biggs" Burke.producer Gee Roberson.producer Kyambo "Hip Hop" Joshua.filename Throughthewire.ogg.filename Jesusye.ogg.title "Through the Wire".title "Jesus Walks".description "Through the Wire" features West rapping with his jaw still partially wired shut, over a sped up vocal sample..description "Jesus Walks" has a gospel-influenced sound, with a pulsing rhythm reminiscent of a marching band accompanied by baritone background vocal samples from the ARC Choir's arrangement of the traditional gospel song "Walk With Me"..released 2004-02-10.nextAlbum Late Registration.The College Dropout.The College Dropout is the debut studio album by American hip hop artist Kanye West, released February 10, 2004, by Roc-A-Fella Records. It was recorded over a period of four years, beginning in 1999. Prior to the album's release, West had received praise for his production work for artists such as Jay-Z and Talib Kweli, but faced difficulty being accepted as a recording artist in his own right by figures in the music industry. Nonetheless intent on pursuing a solo career, it was several years before West finally received a record deal from Roc-A-Fella Records. The album's production was handled by West and developed his "chipmunk soul" production style, which made use of sped-up, pitch shifted vocal samples from soul and R&B records, in addition to West's own drum programming, string accompaniment, and gospel choirs. It features vocal contributions from Jay-Z, Mos Def, Jamie Foxx, Syleena Johnson, and Ludacris among many other artists. Diverging from the then-dominant gangster persona in hip hop, West's lyrics concern themes of family, self-consciousness, materialism, religion, racism, and higher education. The album was promoted by singles including "Through the Wire" and "Jesus Walks", both of which received critical acclaim. "All Falls Down" and "Slow Jamz" both charted within the top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100, with the latter charting at number one. Upon its release, The College Dropout debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling 441,000 copies during its first week. It was a massive commercial success, producing five singles that achieved chart success, and it received universal acclaim from music critics, earning West several accolades that included a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album at the 47th Grammy Awards. It is West's best-selling album in the United States, with domestic sales of 3.4 million copies and worldwide sales of over 4 million copies. It is often listed among the greatest debut albums of all time and has been named by Time and Rolling Stone as one of the greatest albums of all time..comment The College Dropout is the debut studio album by American hip hop artist Kanye West, released February 10, 2004, by Roc-A-Fella Records. It was recorded over a period of four years, beginning in 1999. Prior to the album's release, West had received praise for his production work for artists such as Jay-Z and Talib Kweli, but faced difficulty being accepted as a recording artist in his own right by figures in the music industry. Nonetheless intent on pursuing a solo career, it was several years before West finally received a record deal from Roc-A-Fella Records..
===144	duck down	2
1/2	==DB== Duck Down Music Inc..founder Drew "Dru Ha" Friedman.founded 1995.Duck Down Music.Duck Down Music Inc is a New York City based record label, talent management, music-marketing, and consulting company founded by Drew "Dru-Ha" Friedman and Kenyatta "Buckshot" Blake in 1995. In Duck Down's 20-year existence, the Company has released over 40 Albums and sold more than 3 million collective copies worldwide. Home of established hip hop groups Black Moon, Smif-N-Wessun, Sean Price, Pharoahe Monch, Black Rob, 9th Wonder & Buckshot, KRS-One & Buckshot, B-Real of Cypress Hill (solo), Heltah Skeltah, Boot Camp Clik, as well as relative newcomers: The Away Team (group), Statik Selektah, Skyzoo, Random Axe (Sean Price, Black Milk, Guilty Simpson), Promise, David Dallas, Marco Polo, Ruste Juxx, Torae, Blue Scholars, Special Teamz (Slaine of La Coka Nostra, Ed O.G., Jaysaun, DJ Jayceeoh) and Kidz in the Hall..comment Duck Down Music Inc is a New York City based record label, talent management, music-marketing, and consulting company founded by Drew "Dru-Ha" Friedman and Kenyatta "Buckshot" Blake in 1995. In Duck Down's 20-year existence, the Company has released over 40 Albums and sold more than 3 million collective copies worldwide. Home of established hip hop groups Black Moon, Smif-N-Wessun, Sean Price, Pharoahe Monch, Black Rob, 9th Wonder & Buckshot, KRS-One & Buckshot, B-Real of Cypress Hill (solo), Heltah Skeltah, Boot Camp Clik, as well as relative newcomers: The Away Team (group), Statik Selektah, Skyzoo, Random Axe (Sean Price, Black Milk, Guilty Simpson), Promise, David Dallas, Marco Polo, Ruste Juxx, Torae, Blue Scholars, Special Teamz (Slaine of La Coka Nostra, Ed O.G., Jaysaun, DJ Jayceeo.
2/2	==DB== Down feather.The down of birds is a layer of fine feathers found under the tougher exterior feathers. Very young birds are clad only in down. Powder down is a specialized type of down found only in a few groups of birds. Down is a fine thermal insulator and padding, used in goods such as jackets, bedding (duvets), pillows and sleeping bags. The discovery of feathers trapped in ancient amber suggests that some species of dinosaur may have possessed down-like feathers..comment The down of birds is a layer of fine feathers found under the tougher exterior feathers. Very young birds are clad only in down. Powder down is a specialized type of down found only in a few groups of birds. Down is a fine thermal insulator and padding, used in goods such as jackets, bedding (duvets), pillows and sleeping bags. The discovery of feathers trapped in ancient amber suggests that some species of dinosaur may have possessed down-like feathers..
===145	eat out	7
1/7	==DB== Eating Out.writer Q. Allan Brocka.runtime 5040.0.starring Scott Lunsford.budget 50000.0.gross 155212.0.Eating Out.Eating Out is a 2004 gay-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Q. Allan Brocka..comment Eating Out is a 2004 gay-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Q. Allan Brocka..
2/7	==DB== Eating Out: The Open Weekend.producer Q. Allan Brocka.producer Michael Schoel.writer Q. Allan Brocka.writer Phillip J. Bartell.runtime 4920.0.starring Daniel Skelton.Eating Out 5: The Open Weekend.Eating Out 5: The Open Weekend (2012) is the fifth film in the Eating Out franchise. The film is co-written (with Phillip J. Bartell) and directed by Q. Allan Brocka. Only Rebekah Kochan has appeared in all five films..comment Eating Out 5: The Open Weekend (2012) is the fifth film in the Eating Out franchise. The film is co-written (with Phillip J. Bartell) and directed by Q. Allan Brocka. Only Rebekah Kochan has appeared in all five films..
3/7	==DB== Eating Out (film series).The Eating Out film franchise is a series of American LGBT-themed comedy films beginning with Eating Out (2004). Simultaneous filming for Eating Out 4: Drama Camp and Eating Out 5: The Open Weekend took place in 2011. They are distributed by Ariztical Entertainment..comment The Eating Out film franchise is a series of American LGBT-themed comedy films beginning with Eating Out (2004). Simultaneous filming for Eating Out 4: Drama Camp and Eating Out 5: The Open Weekend took place in 2011. They are distributed by Ariztical Entertainment..
4/7	==SS== 
5/7	==DB== Eating Out 3: All You Can Eat.writer Phillip J. Bartell.runtime 4860.0.starring Michael E.R. Walker.Eating Out 3: All You Can Eat.Eating Out 3: All You Can Eat is the 2009 sequel to Eating Out and Eating Out 2: Sloppy Seconds; the only character to return from both films is Tiffani and Aunt Helen from the second film..comment Eating Out 3: All You Can Eat is the 2009 sequel to Eating Out and Eating Out 2: Sloppy Seconds; the only character to return from both films is Tiffani and Aunt Helen from the second film..
6/7	==DB== Eating Out: Drama Camp.producer Q. Allan Brocka.producer Michael Schoel.writer Q. Allan Brocka.writer Phillip J. Bartell.runtime 5760.0.starring Daniel Skelton.Eating Out 4: Drama Camp.Eating Out 4: Drama Camp (2011) is the fourth film in the Eating Out franchise. The film is co-written (with Phillip J. Bartell) and directed by Q. Allan Brocka..comment Eating Out 4: Drama Camp (2011) is the fourth film in the Eating Out franchise. The film is co-written (with Phillip J. Bartell) and directed by Q. Allan Brocka..
7/7	==DB== Eating Out 2: Sloppy Seconds.producer J.D. Disalvatore.producer Michael Shoel.writer Phillip J. Bartell.runtime 5100.0.gross 37072.0.Eating Out 2: Sloppy Seconds.Eating Out 2: Sloppy Seconds is a gay-themed romantic comedy film released in 2006. It is the sequel to Eating Out, and Jim Verraros, Rebekah Kochan, and Emily Brooke Hands reprise their roles from the original. The film debuted at the Outfest film festival before a limited theatrical release..comment Eating Out 2: Sloppy Seconds is a gay-themed romantic comedy film released in 2006. It is the sequel to Eating Out, and Jim Verraros, Rebekah Kochan, and Emily Brooke Hands reprise their roles from the original. The film debuted at the Outfest film festival before a limited theatrical release..
===146	face down	8
1/8	==DB== 
2/8	==SS== To confront; to abash by stern looks.
3/8	==DB== Face Down.producer Kamen Kalev.producer Jean Labadie.producer John Engel.producer Elitza Katzarska.writer Emmanuel Courcol.writer Kamen Kalev.runtime 6240.0.starring Seher Nebieva.Face Down (film).Face Down (French title: Tête baissée) is a 2015 drama film directed by Kamen Kalev and starring Melvil Poupaud and Seher Nebieva. It received the Best Director Award at the Golden Rose Film Festival..comment Face Down (French title: Tête baissée) is a 2015 drama film directed by Kamen Kalev and starring Melvil Poupaud and Seher Nebieva. It received the Best Director Award at the Golden Rose Film Festival..
4/8	==DB== Face Down.writer eltvo, Sho Sakurai, Albi Albertsson, Royce, H.Vincent Stein, Kontantin Scherer.released 2012-05-09.lastSingle "Wild at Heart".nextSingle "Your Eyes".Face Down (Arashi song)."Face Down" is the 38th single by the Japanese boy band Arashi under the record label J Storm. "Face Down" is the theme song of member Satoshi Ohno's drama Kagi no kakatta Heya. The single was released in two versions; the Regular Version came with the song Mezamashita Mirai e (目指した未来へ) as B-side and the instrumental versions of both songs, the Limited Edition contained a DVD with the Promotional Video and the B-side Hitori janaisa (ひとりじゃないさ)..comment "Face Down" is the 38th single by the Japanese boy band Arashi under the record label J Storm. "Face Down" is the theme song of member Satoshi Ohno's drama Kagi no kakatta Heya. The single was released in two versions; the Regular Version came with the song Mezamashita Mirai e (目指した未来へ) as B-side and the instrumental versions of both songs, the Limited Edition contained a DVD with the Promotional Video and the B-side Hitori janaisa (ひとりじゃないさ)..
5/8	==DB== Face Down.length 192.0.released 2006-07-04.Face Down (The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus song)."Face Down" was the first single by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus from their debut album Don't You Fake It released in 2007. The song peaked at number 24 in the United States and number 4 in New Zealand, as well as number 10 on the Pop 100, number 3 on Modern Rock Tracks chart, and number 20 on the Hot Digital Tracks. Four different versions, including an acoustic version, were released. It also tied 30 Seconds to Mars' "The Kill" as the longest-running song on the Modern Rock Tracks chart at 52 weeks despite not peaking number 1. It remains their most successful single as of 2015..comment "Face Down" was the first single by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus from their debut album Don't You Fake It released in 2007. The song peaked at number 24 in the United States and number 4 in New Zealand, as well as number 10 on the Pop 100, number 3 on Modern Rock Tracks chart, and number 20 on the Hot Digital Tracks. Four different versions, including an acoustic version, were released. It also tied 30 Seconds to Mars' "The Kill" as the longest-running song on the Modern Rock Tracks chart at 52 weeks despite not peaking number 1. It remains their most successful single as of 2015..
6/8	==DB== Face Down.yearsActive 1993.yearsActive 2004.background group_or_band.Face Down (band).Face Down (formerly known as Machine God) is a post-thrash/death metal band from Sweden. It was founded in 1993 and disbanded in 1999; they reformed in 2004. The latest formation consisted of singer Marco Aro (currently of The Resistance (Swedish band) and The Haunted), drummer Christofer Barkensjö (formerly of Kaamos and Blackshine), guitarist Rickard Dahlberg (Construcdead), and bassist Joakim Hedestedt. Their final album, The Will to Power, was produced by Jocke Skog and was released in November 2005, entering the Swedish hard rock chart at number 19. Currently on an indefinite hiatus..comment Face Down (formerly known as Machine God) is a post-thrash/death metal band from Sweden. It was founded in 1993 and disbanded in 1999; they reformed in 2004. The latest formation consisted of singer Marco Aro (currently of The Resistance (Swedish band) and The Haunted), drummer Christofer Barkensjö (formerly of Kaamos and Blackshine), guitarist Rickard Dahlberg (Construcdead), and bassist Joakim Hedestedt. Their final album, The Will to Power, was produced by Jocke Skog and was released in November 2005, entering the Swedish hard rock chart at number 19. Currently on an indefinite hiatus..
7/8	==DB== Face Down.length 2268.0.recorded at Metalworks Studios in Mississauga, Ontario.Face Down (album).Face Down is the second studio album by Canadian rock band Serial Joe. The album features the hit single "Mistake", which was featured on MuchMusic's Big Shiny Tunes 4. The album was certified Gold on September 3, 1999..comment Face Down is the second studio album by Canadian rock band Serial Joe. The album features the hit single "Mistake", which was featured on MuchMusic's Big Shiny Tunes 4. The album was certified Gold on September 3, 1999..
8/8	==SS== 
===147	face off	10
1/10	==DB== Face Off.producer Pastor Troy, Carl Mo, Carlos Thorton, Da Da, Gene Griffin, Paul Wright & Big Toombs.Universal Records, Madd Society Records.length 3526.0.released 2001-05-22.Face Off (Pastor Troy album).Face Off is the fourth studio album by the rapper Pastor Troy, released on May 22, 2001. It was the first of three albums with Universal Records and includes several songs that were previously released on his independent albums..comment Face Off is the fourth studio album by the rapper Pastor Troy, released on May 22, 2001. It was the first of three albums with Universal Records and includes several songs that were previously released on his independent albums..
2/10	==DB== Face Off (Bow Wow & Omarion album).
3/10	==SS== The starting point, in a match of ice hockey. Two players face each other, for snatching the puck.
4/10	==DB== Face Off (arcade game).
5/10	==DB== 
6/10	==DB== Face Off (Brianna Perry mixtape).
7/10	==DB== writer Vince Gilligan.title Face Off.season 4.airdate 2011-10-09.episode 13.guests *Mark Margolis as Hector "Tio" Salamanca *Steven Michael Quezada as Steven Gomez *Michael Shamus Wiles as ASAC George Merkert *Ray Campbell as Tyrus Kitt *Myra Turley as Caregiver *Gonzalo Menendez as Detective Kalanchoe *Tina Parker as Francesca *Jason Douglas as Detective Munn *Christopher King as Chris Mara.Face Off (Breaking Bad)."Face Off" is the thirteenth episode and season finale of the fourth season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad, and the 46th overall episode of the series. It originally aired on AMC in the United States on October 9, 2011. TV Guide named "Face Off" as one of the best episodes in all of television in 2011..comment "Face Off" is the thirteenth episode and season finale of the fourth season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad, and the 46th overall episode of the series. It originally aired on AMC in the United States on October 9, 2011. TV Guide named "Face Off" as one of the best episodes in all of television in 2011..
8/10	==DB== showName Face Off.numSeasons 11.numEpisodes 126.firstAired 2011-01-26.judges *.Face Off (TV series).Face Off is an American reality television game show on the Syfy cable network in which a group of prosthetic makeup artists compete against each other to create prostheses such as those found in science fiction and horror films. Actress McKenzie Westmore, known for her role as Sheridan Crane on the former NBC/DirecTV soap opera Passions, and a member of the Westmore family of makeup artists, serves as the show's host, with judges being Academy Award-winning makeup artist Ve Neill (Ed Wood, Beetlejuice, Mrs. Doubtfire), and television and film makeup artist Glenn Hetrick (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Babylon 5). Creature designer and director Patrick Tatopoulos (I Am Legend, Resident Evil: Extinction, Underworld: Rise of the Lycans) served as judge for the first two seasons, but he was replaced by creature designer and concept artist Neville Page (Watchmen, Cloverfield, Avatar) from Season 3. Industry figures and artists including Brian Grazer, Kevin Smith, Paul W. S. Anderson, Greg Nicotero, Rick Baker, and Gale Anne Hurd have served as guest judges. Each week, the artists face a "Spotlight Challenge" that tests their artistry and techniques to create a full makeup character to match a theme over the course of 3 days. The first day allows for concept design and sculpting for five hours, a second day of 9½ to 10 hours for work in finishing the molding, and a final day of 4 hours in applying the makeup before a one-hour "Last Look" for touch ups. The judges then have the opportunity to look at the makeups from afar and up close, and decide a series of top and bottom looks for the week. One artist will be deemed the winner, sometimes receiving a special bonus prize such as immunity from elimination or a cash reward, and one artist will be eliminated from the running for the grand prize. Some episodes also feature a "Foundation Challenge", a smaller challenge that introduces a new technique on a smaller scale, and the winner is awarded an advantage for that week's Spotlight Challenge, ranging from immunity from elimination to receiving a first choice of theme. The Face Off winner receives US$100,000 and a year's supply of makeup from Alcone (changed to US$25,000 of makeup in season 2), a "grand prize that will launch a career". The second season added the 2012 Toyota Camry Hybrid to its prize package. The Season 3 grand prize winner will receive the same US$25,000 of Alcone makeup and US$100,000 cash prize, in addition to the opportunity to become a guest lecturer at the "Make up for Ever Academy" in New York and Paris, and the Toyota Prius v. The prize package for season 4 remains the same with the exception of the 2013 Fiat 500 replacing the Prius V as the prize vehicle. Face Off premiered January 26, 2011 on Syfy. Syfy announced March 16, 2011 that Face Off had been renewed for a second season. Casting was slated to begin later the same month. Season 2 began airing January 11, 2012. On February 7, 2012, Syfy announced that Face Off had been renewed for a third season. Season three of Face Off premiered on August 21, 2012. On October 8, 2012, Syfy announced that Face Off would return for a fourth season which premiered on January 15, 2013. In the fourth season, the show started an online show Face Off Redemption in which eliminated contestants from Season 4 would have a chance to gain a spot on the fifth season, which premiered in August 2013..comment Face Off is an American reality television game show on the Syfy cable network in which a group of prosthetic makeup artists compete against each other to create prostheses such as those found in science fiction and horror films. Actress McKenzie Westmore, known for her role as Sheridan Crane on the former NBC/DirecTV soap opera Passions, and a member of the Westmore family of makeup artists, serves as the show's host, with judges being Academy Award-winning makeup artist Ve Neill (Ed Wood, Beetlejuice, Mrs. Doubtfire), and television and film makeup artist Glenn Hetrick (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Babylon 5). Creature designer and director Patrick Tatopoulos (I Am Legend, Resident Evil: Extinction, Underworld: Rise of the Lycans) served as judge for the first two seasons, but he was replac.
9/10	==SS== To confront (each other).
10/10	==DB== Face Off!.Face Off! is a hockey game developed by Mindspan Technologies and published by GameStar on 1989. The game's features include not only the ability to play with your chosen hockey player, but also game plans, team maneuvers and management..comment Face Off! is a hockey game developed by Mindspan Technologies and published by GameStar on 1989. The game's features include not only the ability to play with your chosen hockey player, but also game plans, team maneuvers and management..
===148	fade in	6
1/6	==SS== A type of transition used in visual media, in which the transition is at first black, fading to a visual image.
2/6	==DB== Fade Out - Fade In.
3/6	==DB== Fade In.website www.fadeinpro.com.latestReleaseVersion 2.frequentlyUpdated weekly.Fade In (software).Fade In Professional Screenwriting Software (also known simply as Fade In) is screenwriting software for writing screenplays in the professional, industry standard format used in Hollywood and elsewhere. It can also be used for teleplays, stage plays, radio plays, multimedia, graphic novels, and other similar script formats. Fade In was developed by Kent Tessman, a film director and screenwriter. The software was first released in 2011; the latest version 2.0 was released in 2015. The desktop version of Fade In Professional Screenwriting Software is available for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux. Fade In Mobile is available for iOS (including both iPhone and iPad) and Android devices..comment Fade In Professional Screenwriting Software (also known simply as Fade In) is screenwriting software for writing screenplays in the professional, industry standard format used in Hollywood and elsewhere. It can also be used for teleplays, stage plays, radio plays, multimedia, graphic novels, and other similar script formats. Fade In was developed by Kent Tessman, a film director and screenwriter. The software was first released in 2011; the latest version 2.0 was released in 2015..
4/6	==SS== To fade from black to a visual image in a film or other visual media.
5/6	==DB== Fade Out, Fade In.
6/6	==DB== Fade In.Fade In is a movie-related website. It began as a print magazine in 1993, but is now online-only..comment Fade In is a movie-related website. It began as a print magazine in 1993, but is now online-only..
===149	fall back	3
1/3	==SS== To retreat.
2/3	==DB== Dear Jayne.yearsActive 2007.background group_or_band.Music Line Group, Capitol Records.Dear Jayne.Dear Jayne is a R&B/pop trio from Atlanta, Georgia. Their debut album, Voice Message, was originally scheduled to be released in March 2008 but has been cancelled indefinitely. One single scheduled to be on the album, "Rain", broke onto the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, peaking at number 99..comment Dear Jayne is a R&B/pop trio from Atlanta, Georgia. Their debut album, Voice Message, was originally scheduled to be released in March 2008 but has been cancelled indefinitely. One single scheduled to be on the album, "Rain", broke onto the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, peaking at number 99..
3/3	==DB== Fall back and forward.Fall back is a feature of a modem protocol in data communication whereby two communicating modems which experience data corruption (due to line noise, for example) can renegotiate with each other to use a lower-speed connection. Fall forward is a corresponding feature whereby two modems which have "fallen back" to a lower speed can later return to the higher speed if the connection improves. A common feature modems was the concept of fallback, allowing them to talk to less-capable modems. During the call initiation the modem would play a series of signals into the line and wait for the remote modem to "answer" them. They would start at high speeds and progressively get slower and slower until they heard an answer. Thus, two USR modems would be able to connect at 9600 bit/s, but, when a user with a 2400-bit/s modem called in, the USR would "fall back" to the common 2400-bit/s speed. This would also happen if a V.32 modem and a HST modem were connected. Because they used a different standard at 9600 bit/s, they would fall back to their highest commonly supported standard at 2400 bit/s. The same applies to V.32bis and 14400 bit/s HST modem, which would still be able to communicate with each other at only 2400 bit/s. A modem that can fall back in order to communicate with an older, slower modem is an example of backward compatibility, while one that can fall back in order to communicate when the line becomes noisy is an example of graceful degradation..comment Fall back is a feature of a modem protocol in data communication whereby two communicating modems which experience data corruption (due to line noise, for example) can renegotiate with each other to use a lower-speed connection. Fall forward is a corresponding feature whereby two modems which have "fallen back" to a lower speed can later return to the higher speed if the connection improves..
===150	feel up	4
1/4	==DB== Nightclubbing.producer David Bowie.writer Iggy Pop, David Bowie.released 1977-03-18.next "Funtime".trackNo 2.Nightclubbing (song)."Nightclubbing" is a song written by David Bowie and Iggy Pop, first released by Iggy Pop on his debut solo studio album, The Idiot in 1977. It has been since considered as "a career highlight", along with "Lust for Life" and has been covered by many artists. It is also extensively featured on other media..comment "Nightclubbing" is a song written by David Bowie and Iggy Pop, first released by Iggy Pop on his debut solo studio album, The Idiot in 1977. It has been since considered as "a career highlight", along with "Lust for Life" and has been covered by many artists. It is also extensively featured on other media..
2/4	==DB== Nightclubbing.genre *.producer *.filename Grace Jones Feel Up.ogg.title "Feel Up".length 2320.0.released 1981-05-11.lastAlbum Warm Leatherette.nextAlbum Living My Life.Nightclubbing (Grace Jones album).Nightclubbing is the fifth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, released on 11 May 1981 by Island Records. Recorded at Compass Point Studios with producers Alex Sadkin and Island Records' president Chris Blackwell, as well as a team of session musicians rooted by rhythm section Sly & Robbie, the album marked her second foray into a reggae-influenced new wave style. Musically, the album draws on a variety of genres, including reggae, art pop, dub, synthpop, and funk, making it a departure from her previous disco work. The album comprises a mixture of cover versions from artists including Bill Withers, Iggy Pop and Ástor Piazzolla, and original songs, three of which were co-written by Jones. The album received positive reviews upon its release and continues to be praised by critics, with reviewers commending the singer's unique sound and organic fusion of genres. The album entered in the top 10 in five countries, and became Jones' highest-ranking record on the US Billboard mainstream albums and R&B charts. Six singles were released from the album, including the hits "Pull Up to the Bumper" and "I've Seen That Face Before (Libertango)". Critics and scholars have noted the album's influence on popular music, especially how its unique sound has been emulated by both pop and alternative acts, and how the persona Jones adopted - deeply influenced by art and fashion - has had an enduring influence in modern female pop singers. Around the time of the album's release, she adopted her characteristic androgynous look which would become popular in fashion. Nightclubbing is now widely considered Jones' best studio album and the record that cemented her pop icon status..comment Nightclubbing is the fifth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, released on 11 May 1981 by Island Records. Recorded at Compass Point Studios with producers Alex Sadkin and Island Records' president Chris Blackwell, as well as a team of session musicians rooted by rhythm section Sly & Robbie, the album marked her second foray into a reggae-influenced new wave style. Musically, the album draws on a variety of genres, including reggae, art pop, dub, synthpop, and funk, making it a departure from her previous disco work. The album comprises a mixture of cover versions from artists including Bill Withers, Iggy Pop and Ástor Piazzolla, and original songs, three of which were co-written by Jones..
3/4	==SS== To grope someone in a sexual manner.
4/4	==DB== Nightclubbing.Gang Go Music, Edel.lastAlbum DJ Culture.nextAlbum Substance.Nightclubbing (Blank & Jones album).Nightclubbing is the third studio album by Trance duo Blank & Jones. It was released in 2001..comment Nightclubbing is the third studio album by Trance duo Blank & Jones. It was released in 2001..
===151	fight back	6
1/6	==SS== to defend oneself by fighting.
2/6	==DB== 
3/6	==DB== Fight Back!.released 2004-07-15.Fight Back! (Icy Demons album).
4/6	==DB== Fight Back.nextAlbum Decontrol.Fight Back (Discharge EP).Fight Back was the second 7" EP from hardcore punk group Discharge. It was produced by Mike Stone and was released in 1980, catalogue number Clay 3..comment Fight Back was the second 7" EP from hardcore punk group Discharge. It was produced by Mike Stone and was released in 1980, catalogue number Clay 3..
5/6	==DB== Fight Back!.Fight Back! (Oi Polloi album).Fight Back! is an anarcho-punk collection album, by the band Oi Polloi, with the Oi Polloi songs from the old splits with A.O.A. and Betrayed. This 1994 LP was released as a re-release of the old splits, but only with the Oi Polloi material..comment Fight Back! is an anarcho-punk collection album, by the band Oi Polloi, with the Oi Polloi songs from the old splits with A.O.A. and Betrayed. This 1994 LP was released as a re-release of the old splits, but only with the Oi Polloi material..
6/6	==DB== presenter David Horowitz.producer Lloyd Thaxton, Merrill M. Mazuer.runtime 1800.0.developer David Horowitz.creator David Horowitz.showName Fight Back! with David Horowitz.numEpisodes 582.executiveProducer David Horowitz.firstAired --09-20.Fight Back! with David Horowitz.Fight Back! with David Horowitz is a weekly consumer advocate show that ran from 1976-1992. The show, hosted by David Horowitz, attempted to inform consumers about corporations and other big businesses whose products were of poor quality. The format of the show allowed for some humorous segments, such as allowing people to send in photos of unintentionally funny signs (similar to Jay Leno's Headlines). In 1987 the show was awarded best public affairs series for a network station and Horowitz also got the Emmy in the host/moderator category..comment Fight Back! with David Horowitz is a weekly consumer advocate show that ran from 1976-1992. The show, hosted by David Horowitz, attempted to inform consumers about corporations and other big businesses whose products were of poor quality. The format of the show allowed for some humorous segments, such as allowing people to send in photos of unintentionally funny signs (similar to Jay Leno's Headlines). In 1987 the show was awarded best public affairs series for a network station and Horowitz also got the Emmy in the host/moderator category..
===152	flat out	6
1/6	==DB== Flat Out.length 3059.0.released --07-14.lastAlbum Pick Hits Live.nextAlbum Time on My Hands.recorded A&R Recording, New York, New York in December 1988.Flat Out (John Scofield album).Flat Out is a studio album by jazz guitarist John Scofield. It was recorded in December 1989 and his sixth and last release on Gramavision. The album marks a shift from his latter funk oriented fusion recordings to hard swinging tracks with "almost bobbish" solos and a new focus on New Orleans rhythm and blues covering two songs by The Meters and Huey "Piano" Smith and an original with a second line groove ("In the Cracks"). The quartet featured Don Grolnick exclusively on Hammond B-3 organ, double bassist Anthony Cox and either Johnny Vidacovich or Terri Lyne Carrington on drums. Don Grolnick already played keyboards on his 1986 album Still Warm (and would later produce his 1991 album Meant to Be). With Anthony Cox Scofield was part of a recording by Gary Thomas' a few months earlier (By Any Means Necessary). And with Terri Lyne Carrington he first played together on a recording session led by Niels Lan Doky in September 1988 (Daybreak). Johnny Vidacovich "is the quintessential New Orleans jazz drummer." Scofield recorded with him once before in 1988 for Ray Anderson's album Blues Bred in the Bone. Scofield and Ray Anderson also recorded with saxophonist Bennie Wallace on his New Orleans R&B influenced albums Twilight Time (1985) and Bordertown (1987) both featuring Dr. John. Scofield would later come back to New Orleans-based grooves on his 1995 album Groove Elation and most explicitly in 2009 with Piety Street..comment Flat Out is a studio album by jazz guitarist John Scofield. It was recorded in December 1989 and his sixth and last release on Gramavision. The album marks a shift from his latter funk oriented fusion recordings to hard swinging tracks with "almost bobbish" solos and a new focus on New Orleans rhythm and blues covering two songs by The Meters and Huey "Piano" Smith and an original with a second line groove ("In the Cracks")..
2/6	==SS== To fail after a promising beginning; to disappoint expectations.
3/6	==SS== A total failure.
4/6	==DB== Flat Out.length 2301.0.recorded Kingdom Sound Studios, Long Island, New York.recorded Boogie Hotel Studios, Port Jefferson, New York.recorded The Automatt, San Francisco, California, 1981.recorded North Lake Studios, North White Plains, New York.recorded The Power Station and Warehouse Studios, New York City.Flat Out (Buck Dharma album).Flat Out is a solo album by Donald "Buck Dharma" Roeser, lead guitarist and vocalist for hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released in 1982 (see 1982 in music). Although Roeser penned and sang BÖC's biggest hits ("(Don't Fear) The Reaper", "Godzilla", "Burnin' for You"), the band operated as a democracy, and some of the songs he brought to the band were deemed too poppy by the others, so he released many of them on this solo record. "Born to Rock" was the first single (and was played live by the full band on occasion in 1982 and again in 2004), and "Your Loving Heart" was also released as a single, but neither charted well. The track "Come Softly to Me" begins with a 35-second backwards recording. When played in reverse, it is a conversation that mentions a bongo record that sounds like Channel 11 music used to be. The conversation, which takes place during a game of ping-pong, ends with, "I could kick your ass but I know this is just for a sound check." The Fan Club lyric book titles this song "Gnop Gnip" (ping pong spelled backwards)..comment Flat Out is a solo album by Donald "Buck Dharma" Roeser, lead guitarist and vocalist for hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released in 1982 (see 1982 in music). Although Roeser penned and sang BÖC's biggest hits ("(Don't Fear) The Reaper", "Godzilla", "Burnin' for You"), the band operated as a democracy, and some of the songs he brought to the band were deemed too poppy by the others, so he released many of them on this solo record. "Born to Rock" was the first single (and was played live by the full band on occasion in 1982 and again in 2004), and "Your Loving Heart" was also released as a single, but neither charted well..
5/6	==SS== At top speed.''After 10 minutes of running '''flat out''', he was out of breath.'' 
6/6	==SS== 
===153	float on	2
1/2	==DB== Float On.length 253.0.length 709.0.format 12.0.bSide "Everything Happens for a Reason".fromAlbum The Floaters.Float On (The Floaters song)."Float On" is a 1977 hit song by the R&B/soul group The Floaters.The spoken verses combine two popular trends from the time, star signs and video and phone dating, in lines such as Aquarius and my name is Ralph / Now I like a woman who loves her freedom. The song was co-written by James Mitchell of The Detroit Emeralds group. Released from their self-titled debut album, it became one of the biggest singles of the year, spending six weeks at number one on the U.S. Hot Soul Singles chart. "Float On" was also a crossover hit, peaking at number two on the Billboard Hot 100, but with no other Hot 100 hits, The Floaters became a one-hit wonder on that chart. "Float On" also reached number one on the UK Singles Chart, and number five on the Irish Singles Chart. The song was covered by two hip-hop bands: Stetsasonic on its album In Full Gear (1988), and Dream Warriors on its album The Master Plan (1996), the latter of which was released as a single. Also in 1977, Cheech and Chong released a parody of the song called "Bloat On". It was later included on their 1980 album Let's Make a New Dope Deal. The song was adapted in the early 1990s to advertise Cadbury's Crème Eggs..comment "Float On" is a 1977 hit song by the R&B/soul group The Floaters.The spoken verses combine two popular trends from the time, star signs and video and phone dating, in lines such as Aquarius and my name is Ralph / Now I like a woman who loves her freedom. The song was co-written by James Mitchell of The Detroit Emeralds group. Also in 1977, Cheech and Chong released a parody of the song called "Bloat On". It was later included on their 1980 album Let's Make a New Dope Deal. The song was adapted in the early 1990s to advertise Cadbury's Crème Eggs..
2/2	==DB== Float On.writer Isaac Brock, Dann Gallucci, Eric Judy, and Benjamin Weikel.length 208.0.released 2004-02-14.format 7.0.lastSingle "Heart Cooks Brain".nextSingle "Ocean Breathes Salty".Float On (Modest Mouse song)."Float On" is a single released by indie rock band Modest Mouse. It also appears on their album Good News for People Who Love Bad News. The song was written by Dann Gallucci, Eric Judy and Isaac Brock. It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Song in 2005. The single was mixed by Jacquire King, who was also responsible for the recording and mixing of the album..comment "Float On" is a single released by indie rock band Modest Mouse. It also appears on their album Good News for People Who Love Bad News. The song was written by Dann Gallucci, Eric Judy and Isaac Brock. It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Song in 2005. The single was mixed by Jacquire King, who was also responsible for the recording and mixing of the album..
===154	fly away	12
1/12	==DB== Fly Away.released 2013-04-24.bSide Deep Inside My Heart.Fly Away (Seo In-guk song)."Fly Away" is the debut Japanese single by South Korean singer Seo In-guk. It is set to release on April 24, 2013 on the Crown Records label..comment "Fly Away" is the debut Japanese single by South Korean singer Seo In-guk. It is set to release on April 24, 2013 on the Crown Records label..
2/12	==DB== Fly Away.producer Pavlina Hatoupis.producer Lee Adhemar G. Feldshon.producer David F. Schwartz.runtime 4800.0.starring Reno.starring Zachariah Palmer.Fly Away (film).Fly Away is a 2011 Independent American dramatic film written and directed by Emmy Award-winning Janet Grillo, and starring Beth Broderick, Ashley Rickards, Greg Germann, JR Bourne, Reno, Elaine Hall, and Zachariah Palmer. Made as a SAG Ultra-Low Budget Independent Film, and shot in 14 days, Fly Away premiered as 1 of 8 out of 2000 submissions in Dramatic Competition at the South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin, Texas in March, 2011. The film won Best Film and Special Jury Prize for Performance (Ashley Rickards) at the Arizona International Film Festival in April 2011, and Honorable Mention from the prestigious Voice Awards, sponsored by the national Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA). Fly Away opened in limited theatrical release in key cities in April 2011, Autism Awareness Month. It received excellent reviews in leading journals including The New York Times, The Los Angeles Times, New York Observer, Huffington Post, Variety and Hollywood Reporter. Several critics called for Academy Award nominations. At the end of April 2010, Fly Away became available in US and Canada via iTunes, NetFlix, Amazon and Video on Demand Time Warner/Comcast, through New Video /Flatiron Films. The grassroots outreach campaign was in association with Autism Speaks, which received 10% of all proceeds. The film's screenplay won the award for the Best International Screenplay from the 2010 Swansea Bay Film Festival in Wales..comment Fly Away is a 2011 Independent American dramatic film written and directed by Emmy Award-winning Janet Grillo, and starring Beth Broderick, Ashley Rickards, Greg Germann, JR Bourne, Reno, Elaine Hall, and Zachariah Palmer. Made as a SAG Ultra-Low Budget Independent Film, and shot in 14 days, Fly Away premiered as 1 of 8 out of 2000 submissions in Dramatic Competition at the South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin, Texas in March, 2011. The film's screenplay won the award for the Best International Screenplay from the 2010 Swansea Bay Film Festival in Wales..
3/12	==DB== Fly Away.length 260.0.released 2009-02-16.lastSingle "Numb".Fly Away (Honey Ryder song)."Fly Away" is a single by male/female British music trio Honey Ryder. It was released in the United Kingdom on 16 February 2009 as the second single from their debut studio album Rising Up. The song has peaked to number 31 on the UK Singles Chart..comment "Fly Away" is a single by male/female British music trio Honey Ryder. It was released in the United Kingdom on 16 February 2009 as the second single from their debut studio album Rising Up. The song has peaked to number 31 on the UK Singles Chart..
4/12	==DB== Fly Away.writer John Denver.length 253.0.bSide "Two Shots".lastSingle "Calypso".Fly Away (John Denver song)."Fly Away" is a 1975 song written and performed by John Denver, with Olivia Newton-John (uncredited) on backup vocals. Released as a single from the Windsong album, "Fly Away" peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and spent two weeks atop the adult contemporary chart in early-1976, Denver's sixth number one on this chart. "Fly Away" also peaked at number 12 on the country chart. The song is an ode to longing for simpler times and a simpler way of life. Rolling Stone magazine remarks, "At this point, John Denver albums are as numerous as potted plants in the apartments of these urbanites, and both are symptoms of the same longing. The singer acknowledges his average listener in 'Fly Away'.".comment "Fly Away" is a 1975 song written and performed by John Denver, with Olivia Newton-John (uncredited) on backup vocals. Released as a single from the Windsong album, "Fly Away" peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and spent two weeks atop the adult contemporary chart in early-1976, Denver's sixth number one on this chart. "Fly Away" also peaked at number 12 on the country chart..
5/12	==DB== title Fly Away.season 2.airdate 2014-02-24.episode 6.guests *Valerie Cruz as Agent Gina Mendez *Camille De Pazzis as Giselle *Bambadjan Bamba as Sami *Rita Markova as Radmilla.Fly Away (The Following)."Fly Away" is the sixth episode of the second season of the psychological thriller television series The Following, which premiered on February 24, 2014, on Fox. The episode was written by Dewayne Jones and directed by Rob Seidenglanz..comment "Fly Away" is the sixth episode of the second season of the psychological thriller television series The Following, which premiered on February 24, 2014, on Fox. The episode was written by Dewayne Jones and directed by Rob Seidenglanz..
6/12	==DB== Last Dollar.producer * Tim McGraw * Darran Smith *.length 270.0.length 237.0.released 2007-01-08.format *.lastSingle "My Little Girl".nextSingle "I Need You".Last Dollar (Fly Away)."Last Dollar (Fly Away)" is a song written by Big Kenny, one half of the duo Big & Rich, and performed by American country music artist Tim McGraw. It was released in January 2007 as the first single from his album Let It Go. "Last Dollar (Fly Away)" reached Number One on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, becoming McGraw's first Number One country hit since "Back When" in late 2004. Big Kenny later recorded the song for his 2010 album, Big Kenny's Love Everybody Traveling Musical Medicine Show Mix Tape, Vol. 1..comment "Last Dollar (Fly Away)" is a song written by Big Kenny, one half of the duo Big & Rich, and performed by American country music artist Tim McGraw. It was released in January 2007 as the first single from his album Let It Go. "Last Dollar (Fly Away)" reached Number One on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, becoming McGraw's first Number One country hit since "Back When" in late 2004. Big Kenny later recorded the song for his 2010 album, Big Kenny's Love Everybody Traveling Musical Medicine Show Mix Tape, Vol. 1..
7/12	==DB== Fly Away.lastAlbum Voyage.Fly Away (Voyage album).Fly Away is a 1978 album by the French disco group, Voyage. Their second release repeated the success of their debut released earlier in the year. All the cuts on Fly Away hit number one on the disco chart early in 1979 for one week. Unlike the cuts on their debut album, one track from Fly Away made the pop singles chart, when "Souvenirs" made it to number 41 on the pop singles chart. The track also became Voyage's second and last chart entry on the soul singles chart, when "Souvenirs" made it to no. 73..comment Fly Away is a 1978 album by the French disco group, Voyage. Their second release repeated the success of their debut released earlier in the year. All the cuts on Fly Away hit number one on the disco chart early in 1979 for one week. Unlike the cuts on their debut album, one track from Fly Away made the pop singles chart, when "Souvenirs" made it to number 41 on the pop singles chart. The track also became Voyage's second and last chart entry on the soul singles chart, when "Souvenirs" made it to no. 73..
8/12	==DB== Fly Away.released 2007-07-04.lastAlbum Amazing.nextAlbum The Best Of Banaroo.Fly Away (Banaroo album).Fly Away is the fourth studio album by the German group Banaroo. It's also the final album recorded with original Banaroo members Bobby, Steffy, Vito, and Cat, before the group disbanded in 2008..comment Fly Away is the fourth studio album by the German group Banaroo. It's also the final album recorded with original Banaroo members Bobby, Steffy, Vito, and Cat, before the group disbanded in 2008..
9/12	==DB== Corrinne May.nextAlbum Safe in a Crazy World.Fly Away (Corrinne May album).Fly Away is the first album by Corrinne May, released in 2001 by Corrmay Gourmet Music. It was subsequently released by Yellow Music (M&M) in Singapore, released by the Major Chord label in Japan and by Forward Music in Taiwan and Hong Kong in 2005. The album was subsequently re-released by Playmusic and Warner Music in Singapore. The album features a song that Corrinne May co-wrote with iconic songwriters Carole King and Carole Bayer Sager, titled "If You Didn't Love Me"..comment Fly Away is the first album by Corrinne May, released in 2001 by Corrmay Gourmet Music. It was subsequently released by Yellow Music (M&M) in Singapore, released by the Major Chord label in Japan and by Forward Music in Taiwan and Hong Kong in 2005. The album was subsequently re-released by Playmusic and Warner Music in Singapore. The album features a song that Corrinne May co-wrote with iconic songwriters Carole King and Carole Bayer Sager, titled "If You Didn't Love Me"..
10/12	==DB== Fly Away.producer Junior Torello.producer Dee Dee Halligan.writer Junior Torello.writer Richard W. Palmer-James.Scorpio.length 244.0.released 1995-05-29.bSide "Remix".lastSingle "Rock My Heart".nextSingle "Catch a Fire".Fly Away (Haddaway song)."Fly Away" is a song by Trinidadian-German musician Haddaway. It was released in May 1995 as the lead single from his second album The Drive. As with several of Haddaway's singles, another CD maxi was commercialized a few months after the first release. The song was a hit in several countries, particularly in Switzerland, the Netherlands and Israel where it reached the top 10. However, it achieved a minor success in France and Belgium..comment "Fly Away" is a song by Trinidadian-German musician Haddaway. It was released in May 1995 as the lead single from his second album The Drive. As with several of Haddaway's singles, another CD maxi was commercialized a few months after the first release. The song was a hit in several countries, particularly in Switzerland, the Netherlands and Israel where it reached the top 10. However, it achieved a minor success in France and Belgium..
11/12	==DB== Fly Away.producer Lenny Kravitz.writer Lenny Kravitz.length 221.0.released 1998-12-29.lastSingle "I Belong to You".nextSingle "American Woman".album 5.Fly Away (Lenny Kravitz song)."Fly Away" is a song by American singer Lenny Kravitz. It was released as the fourth single from his fifth studio album, 5 (1998)..comment "Fly Away" is a song by American singer Lenny Kravitz. It was released as the fourth single from his fifth studio album, 5 (1998)..
12/12	==DB== Fly Away.Fly Away (Paul Wright album).Fly Away is the debut album of Christian rapper, Paul Wright. It was released in 2003 by Gotee Records. Notable songs include "Your Love Never Changes", the first single from the album, and "West Coast Kid", which features Christian artist tobyMac. The musical style is original and has been described as acoustic hip hop..comment Fly Away is the debut album of Christian rapper, Paul Wright. It was released in 2003 by Gotee Records. Notable songs include "Your Love Never Changes", the first single from the album, and "West Coast Kid", which features Christian artist tobyMac. The musical style is original and has been described as acoustic hip hop..
===155	fly by	3
1/3	==DB== Planetary flyby.A planetary flyby is the act of sending a space probe past a celestial body close enough to record scientific data. Flybys commonly use gravity assists to "slingshot" a space probe on its journey to its primary objective, but may themselves be used as primary means..comment A planetary flyby is the act of sending a space probe past a celestial body close enough to record scientific data. Flybys commonly use gravity assists to "slingshot" a space probe on its journey to its primary objective, but may themselves be used as primary means..
2/3	==DB== Fly by II.writer Mikkel S. Eriksen, Hallgeir Rustan, Tor Erik Hermansen, Simon Webbe, Herb Alpert, Andy Armer.length 226.0.released 2002-03-18.recorded Stargate Studios, Norway.lastSingle "If You Come Back".nextSingle "One Love".Fly By II."Fly by II" is a song recorded by English boy band Blue. It was released on 18 March 2002 as the fourth and final single released from their debut studio album All Rise (2001). The released included the first ever non-album exclusive, "Love R.I.P". The song is a remixed version of the All Rise album track "Fly By", which samples the song "Rise" by Herb Alpert while this song samples from The Notorious B.I.G.'s "Hypnotize". "Rise" was a number-one hit record in America and was written by Randy Badazz Alpert and Andy Armer. "Fly by II" reached number six on the UK Singles Chart. The song is also notable as being the only song associated with All Rise to be recorded at Blue's famous recording partnership Metropolis Studios, which has been the venue for such recording artists as Madonna and Mick Jagger..comment "Fly by II" is a song recorded by English boy band Blue. It was released on 18 March 2002 as the fourth and final single released from their debut studio album All Rise (2001). The released included the first ever non-album exclusive, "Love R.I.P". The song is a remixed version of the All Rise album track "Fly By", which samples the song "Rise" by Herb Alpert while this song samples from The Notorious B.I.G.'s "Hypnotize". "Rise" was a number-one hit record in America and was written by Randy Badazz Alpert and Andy Armer..
3/3	==SS== 
===156	fly over	3
1/3	==DB== Flyover reconnaissance.
2/3	==DB== Flyover country.Flyover country, flyover states, and Flyoverland are American phrases describing the parts of the United States between the East and the West Coasts. The terms, which are often used pejoratively, refer to the interior regions of the country passed over during transcontinental flights, particularly flights between the nation's two most populous urban agglomerations, the Northeastern Megalopolis and Southern California. "Flyover country" thus refers to the part of the country that some Americans only view by air and never actually see in person at ground level. Although the term is most commonly associated with states located in the geographic center of the country, the states with the most planes flying over without taking off or landing are located on the East Coast, with number one being Virginia followed by Maryland, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania. This is explained by the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta, Georgia's status as the busiest airport in the world, and the large volume of flights from major cities in the Northeast to Atlanta. Additionally, flights to Caribbean destinations from the Toronto Pearson International Airport account for many of Virginia's flyovers..comment Flyover country, flyover states, and Flyoverland are American phrases describing the parts of the United States between the East and the West Coasts. The terms, which are often used pejoratively, refer to the interior regions of the country passed over during transcontinental flights, particularly flights between the nation's two most populous urban agglomerations, the Northeastern Megalopolis and Southern California. "Flyover country" thus refers to the part of the country that some Americans only view by air and never actually see in person at ground level..
3/3	==DB== Flyovers (play).Flyovers is a stage play by Jeffrey Sweet that premiered at the Victory Gardens Theater in Chicago and later ran at the 78th Street Theatre Lab in New York City. The play tells the story of Oliver, a film critic who returns to his hometown in Ohio for his high school reunion and confronts Ted, a bully who has lost his job at the local plant. The Chicago Tribune praised the play as "engaging" and a "deserved success.".comment Flyovers is a stage play by Jeffrey Sweet that premiered at the Victory Gardens Theater in Chicago and later ran at the 78th Street Theatre Lab in New York City. The play tells the story of Oliver, a film critic who returns to his hometown in Ohio for his high school reunion and confronts Ted, a bully who has lost his job at the local plant. The Chicago Tribune praised the play as "engaging" and a "deserved success.".
===157	full back	3
1/3	==DB== Fullback (gridiron football).A fullback (FB) is a position in the offensive backfield in American and Canadian football, and is one of the two running back positions along with the halfback. Typically, fullbacks are larger than halfbacks and in most offensive schemes their duties are split between power running and blocking for both the quarterback and the other running back. Many great runners in the history of American football have been fullbacks, including Marion Motley, Jim Brown, Jim Taylor, Franco Harris, Mike Alstott, Larry Csonka, John Riggins, Christian Okoye, and Marcus Allen..comment A fullback (FB) is a position in the offensive backfield in American and Canadian football, and is one of the two running back positions along with the halfback. Typically, fullbacks are larger than halfbacks and in most offensive schemes their duties are split between power running and blocking for both the quarterback and the other running back. Many great runners in the history of American football have been fullbacks, including Marion Motley, Jim Brown, Jim Taylor, Franco Harris, Mike Alstott, Larry Csonka, John Riggins, Christian Okoye, and Marcus Allen..
2/3	==DB== Fullback (rugby league).Fullback (or full-back) is one of the positions in a rugby league football team. Typically wearing jersey number 1, the fullback is a member of the team's 'back-line' (1-7). The position's name comes from their duty of standing the furthest back in defence, behind the forwards (8-13), half backs (6 and 7) and the three-quarter backs (2-5). Fullbacks are therefore the last line of defence, having to tackle any opposition players and regather the ball from any kicks that make it through their team-mates. It is for this reason that the fullback is also referred to as the sweeper or custodian. Being able to secure high bomb kicks is a sought after quality in fullbacks. Fullback is also one of the most important positions in attack, handling the ball nearly every set of six and often running into open space on the field. Therefore, together with the two half backs and hooker, fullback is one of the four key positions that make up what is referred to as a team's 'spine'. Because the fullback makes the most support runs, players in the role complete more very high-intensity running than any other position. The Rugby League International Federation's Laws of the Game state that the 'fullback' is to be numbered 1. However, traditionally players' jersey numbers have varied, and in the modern Super League, each squad's players are assigned individual numbers regardless of position..comment Fullback (or full-back) is one of the positions in a rugby league football team. Typically wearing jersey number 1, the fullback is a member of the team's 'back-line' (1-7). The position's name comes from their duty of standing the furthest back in defence, behind the forwards (8-13), half backs (6 and 7) and the three-quarter backs (2-5). Fullbacks are therefore the last line of defence, having to tackle any opposition players and regather the ball from any kicks that make it through their team-mates. It is for this reason that the fullback is also referred to as the sweeper or custodian. Being able to secure high bomb kicks is a sought after quality in fullbacks..
3/3	==SS== 
===158	get away	12
1/12	==DB== Getaway.also The Saint's Getaway.mediaType Print.Getaway (The Saint).Getaway is a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom in September 1932 by Hodder and Stoughton. This was the fifth full-length novel featuring the adventures of the modern day Robin Hood-inspired crimebuster Simon Templar, and the ninth Saint book published overall since 1928. When first published in the United States by The Crime Club in February 1933, the title was modified to The Saint's Getaway which was later adopted by future UK editions. Prior to being published in book form, Getaway had appeared in The Thriller magazine under the titles Property of the Deceased and Two Men from Munich. Charteris, in his introduction to a mid-1960s reprint of the book for Fiction Publishing Company, describes Getaway as the third part of a trilogy of novels that began with The Last Hero and Knight Templar..comment Getaway is a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris first published in the United Kingdom in September 1932 by Hodder and Stoughton. This was the fifth full-length novel featuring the adventures of the modern day Robin Hood-inspired crimebuster Simon Templar, and the ninth Saint book published overall since 1928. When first published in the United States by The Crime Club in February 1933, the title was modified to The Saint's Getaway which was later adopted by future UK editions..
2/12	==DB== Getaway.(9872944/5/6).length 235.0.released 2005-08-01.format Digital Download.bSide "Say".bSide "Like an Angel".lastSingle "I'll See It Through".nextSingle "Can't Resist".Getaway (Texas song).Getaway is the first single from Scottish band Texas's 2005 album Red Book and was released prior to the album. The song was successful, peaking at #6 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming the band's twelfth Top 10 single since their #8 hit "I Don't Want a Lover" back in 1989. A free limited edition slip-case was made available by mail to house all three formats..comment Getaway is the first single from Scottish band Texas's 2005 album Red Book and was released prior to the album. The song was successful, peaking at #6 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming the band's twelfth Top 10 single since their #8 hit "I Don't Want a Lover" back in 1989. A free limited edition slip-case was made available by mail to house all three formats..
3/12	==DB== Getaway.producer Courtney Solomon.producer Moshe Diamant.producer Steve Richards.runtime 5400.0.budget 1.8E7.gross 1.18E7.Getaway (film).Getaway is a 2013 American action thriller film starring Ethan Hawke, Selena Gomez and Jon Voight. Directed by Courtney Solomon and written by Gregg Maxwell Parker and Sean Finegan, the film is distributed by Warner Bros., the last Dark Castle Entertainment film to be released by Warner Bros., as Universal Studios took Dark Castle over in 2013. Though originally reported to be a remake of the 1972 film The Getaway, the film is actually an original story. This is the first film directed by Solomon in eight years, with his last being 2005's An American Haunting..comment Getaway is a 2013 American action thriller film starring Ethan Hawke, Selena Gomez and Jon Voight. Directed by Courtney Solomon and written by Gregg Maxwell Parker and Sean Finegan, the film is distributed by Warner Bros., the last Dark Castle Entertainment film to be released by Warner Bros., as Universal Studios took Dark Castle over in 2013. Though originally reported to be a remake of the 1972 film The Getaway, the film is actually an original story. This is the first film directed by Solomon in eight years, with his last being 2005's An American Haunting..
4/12	==DB== The Getaway (song).
5/12	==DB== Crime scene getaway.A crime scene getaway is the act of fleeing the location where one has broken the law in order to avoid apprehension by law enforcement. It is an act that the offender(s) may or may not have planned in detail, resulting in a variety of outcomes. A crime scene is the "location of a crime; especially one at which forensic evidence is collected in a controlled manner." The "getaway" is any flight or escape by a perpetrator from that scene, which may have been witnessed by eyewitnesses or law enforcement. The crime scene getaway is the subject of several penal laws, as well as a "notion" in academic studies of criminology. A perpetrator can escape a crime scene by running, riding a horse, driving a getaway car, or riding with a getaway driver. If motor vehicles are used for the getaway, then each vehicle is a new crime scene..comment A crime scene getaway is the act of fleeing the location where one has broken the law in order to avoid apprehension by law enforcement. It is an act that the offender(s) may or may not have planned in detail, resulting in a variety of outcomes. A crime scene is the "location of a crime; especially one at which forensic evidence is collected in a controlled manner." The "getaway" is any flight or escape by a perpetrator from that scene, which may have been witnessed by eyewitnesses or law enforcement..
6/12	==SS== (literally) To move away (from).'''''Get away''' from the edge of the cliff!'' '''''Get away''' from me!'' 
7/12	==DB== Getaway.length 2544.0.released 2000-08-18.lastAlbum Rides.nextAlbum Together.Getaway (Reef album).Getaway is the fourth album by rock band Reef, released in 2000..comment Getaway is the fourth album by rock band Reef, released in 2000..
8/12	==DB== Getaway.lastAlbum Unknown Country.nextAlbum Anthology.Getaway (The Clean album).Getaway is an album by New Zealand group The Clean, released in 2001. The songs "Alpine Madness" and "Circle Canyon" feature contributions from Yo La Tengo members Georgia Hubley and Ira Kaplan..comment Getaway is an album by New Zealand group The Clean, released in 2001. The songs "Alpine Madness" and "Circle Canyon" feature contributions from Yo La Tengo members Georgia Hubley and Ira Kaplan..
9/12	==DB== presenter Current.runtime 1800.0.showName Getaway.numSeasons 25.pictureFormat 576.pictureFormat 1080.firstAired 1992-05-14.Getaway (TV series).Getaway is Australia's longest-running travel and lifestyle television program. Debuting on 14 May 1992, it is broadcast on the Nine Network and TLC. Its main competitor was The Great Outdoors on the Seven Network until 2009. It is hosted by Catriona Rowntree with various project contributors..comment Getaway is Australia's longest-running travel and lifestyle television program. Debuting on 14 May 1992, it is broadcast on the Nine Network and TLC. Its main competitor was The Great Outdoors on the Seven Network until 2009. It is hosted by Catriona Rowntree with various project contributors..
10/12	==DB== Getaway.length 227.0.format 12.0.bSide Getaway.lastSingle "Can't Hide Love".nextSingle "Saturday Nite".Getaway (Earth, Wind & Fire song)."Getaway" was a hit song for R&B/funk band Earth, Wind & Fire in 1976 and written by Beloyd Taylor and Peter Cor Belenky and first produced on BELOYD by Melvin Ware who then made the deal to split publishing with EWF. Released from their Spirit album, it spent two weeks at number one on the R&B singles chart and peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100. Along with the track, "Saturday Nite", "Getaway" peaked at number twelve on the disco charts. It has been covered by Lee Ritenour and His Gentle Thoughts. A remixed version also appears on the soundtrack for the 2005 PlayStation 2 video game Gran Turismo 4..comment "Getaway" was a hit song for R&B/funk band Earth, Wind & Fire in 1976 and written by Beloyd Taylor and Peter Cor Belenky and first produced on BELOYD by Melvin Ware who then made the deal to split publishing with EWF. Released from their Spirit album, it spent two weeks at number one on the R&B singles chart and peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100. Along with the track, "Saturday Nite", "Getaway" peaked at number twelve on the disco charts. It has been covered by Lee Ritenour and His Gentle Thoughts. A remixed version also appears on the soundtrack for the 2005 PlayStation 2 video game Gran Turismo 4..
11/12	==DB== The Getaway (disambiguation).
12/12	==SS== Expressing disbelief.''You bought that for twenty pounds? '''Get away'''!'' 
===159	get together	5
1/5	==DB== Get Together.RCA Victor 9264( ).RCA Victor 9752( ).format 7".bSide "All My Dreams Blue"( ).bSide "Beautiful"( ).certification Gold.lastSingle "Darkness, Darkness".Get Together (The Youngbloods song)."Get Together", also known as "Let's Get Together", is a song written in the mid-1960s by American singer-songwriter Chet Powers, also known as Dino Valenti. The song is an appeal for peace and brotherhood, presenting the polarity of love versus fear, and the choice to be made between them. It is best remembered for the impassioned plea in the lines of its refrain, which is repeated several times in succession to bring the song to its conclusion..comment "Get Together", also known as "Let's Get Together", is a song written in the mid-1960s by American singer-songwriter Chet Powers, also known as Dino Valenti. The song is an appeal for peace and brotherhood, presenting the polarity of love versus fear, and the choice to be made between them. It is best remembered for the impassioned plea in the lines of its refrain, which is repeated several times in succession to bring the song to its conclusion..
2/5	==DB== Get Together.genre *.filename Madonna - get together.ogg.title 'Get Together'.description 30.0.length 331.0.released 2006-06-06.format *.bSide "I Love New York".lastSingle "Sorry".nextSingle "Jump".Get Together (Madonna song)."Get Together" is a song by American singer Madonna from her tenth studio album Confessions on a Dance Floor (2005). Produced by Madonna and Stuart Price, the song was released as the third single from the album by Warner Bros. Records on June 6, 2006. The decision was spurred by the fact that "Get Together" was the third most downloaded song from the album. It was also released to coincide with the start of Madonna's Confessions Tour. Inspired by Stardust's single "Music Sounds Better with You", "Get Together" portrays an anthem-like picture with its lyrics, about the different possibilities of finding love on the dance floor. Contemporary critics appreciated the song, calling it fluid in nature and a wonderful dance track. They complimented Madonna's ability to turn cliché comments into pop slogans with the song. After its worldwide release, the song became a success on the dance charts of the United States but failed to enter the official Billboard Hot 100 chart, only peaked at six on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. It reached the top ten in countries like Canada, the United Kingdom and Italy and topped the chart in Spain. The accompanying music video incorporated Madonna's performance of the song at London's Koko Club, but it was animated to make it different visually. The video showed Madonna singing the song amongst graphical visuals portraying volcanoes erupting and a cityscape. Madonna performed the song on her Confessions Tour where she was accompanied by two dancers wearing horse reins around their head. In 2007, the song was nominated in the category of Best Dance Recording at the 49th Grammy Awards, but lost to Justin Timberlake's 2006 single "SexyBack"..comment "Get Together" is a song by American singer Madonna from her tenth studio album Confessions on a Dance Floor (2005). Produced by Madonna and Stuart Price, the song was released as the third single from the album by Warner Bros. Records on June 6, 2006. The decision was spurred by the fact that "Get Together" was the third most downloaded song from the album. It was also released to coincide with the start of Madonna's Confessions Tour. Inspired by Stardust's single "Music Sounds Better with You", "Get Together" portrays an anthem-like picture with its lyrics, about the different possibilities of finding love on the dance floor..
3/5	==DB== Let's Get Together (disambiguation).
4/5	==SS== 
5/5	==DB== Get Together with Andy Williams.genre Traditional pop.genre Vocal pop.genre AM pop.length 2150.0.released 1969-10-06.lastAlbum Happy Heart.nextAlbum Andy Williams' Greatest Hits.recorded August 1969.recorded 1969-06-16.recorded 1969-07-08.recorded 1969-07-10.recorded 1969-07-12.Get Together with Andy Williams.Get Together with Andy Williams is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released on October 6, 1969, by Columbia Records. The album made its first appearance on the Top LP's chart in the issue of Billboard magazine dated November 8, 1969, and remained there for 21 weeks, peaking at number 27. It entered the UK album chart on December 27 of that year and reached number 13 over the course of 10 weeks, and the Recording Industry Association of America awarded the album Gold certification on February 19, 1970. The album was released on compact disc for the first time as one of two albums on one CD by Collectables Records on January 22, 2002, the other album being Williams's Columbia release from the spring of 1970, Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head. Collectables included this CD in a box set entitled Classic Album Collection, Vol. 2, which contains 15 of his studio albums and two compilations and was released on November 29, 2002..comment Get Together with Andy Williams is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released on October 6, 1969, by Columbia Records. The album made its first appearance on the Top LP's chart in the issue of Billboard magazine dated November 8, 1969, and remained there for 21 weeks, peaking at number 27. It entered the UK album chart on December 27 of that year and reached number 13 over the course of 10 weeks, and the Recording Industry Association of America awarded the album Gold certification on February 19, 1970..
===160	go away	6
1/6	==DB== Go Away.genre *.producer *.producer * Teddy Park.writer *.filename 2.title "Go Away".description A sample of 2NE1's "Go Away.".released 2010-09-09.artist 2.format *.lastSingle "Clap Your Hands".nextSingle "Can't Nobody".album and Collection.Go Away (2NE1 song)."Go Away" (Korean 고어웨이) is a song by South Korean girl group 2NE1's album To Anyone. The song was produced and written by YG Entertainment producer Teddy Park. The song was released as the fifth single from the album. The music video was released on September 10, 2010. It was first performed on The Music Trend. The song hit number one in South Korea on the weekly charts and the monthly chart for September 2010. The song was re-released in Japanese version in November 16, 2011 as the group's debut single from first studio album Collection, following their EP Nolza..comment "Go Away" (Korean 고어웨이) is a song by South Korean girl group 2NE1's album To Anyone. The song was produced and written by YG Entertainment producer Teddy Park. The song was released as the fifth single from the album. The music video was released on September 10, 2010. It was first performed on The Music Trend. The song hit number one in South Korea on the weekly charts and the monthly chart for September 2010. The song was re-released in Japanese version in November 16, 2011 as the group's debut single from first studio album Collection, following their EP Nolza..
2/6	==SS== Command asking someone to leave.{{ux|en|'''Go away'''! Stop annoying me!}} 
3/6	==DB== Go Away.writer Scooter Ward.length 198.0.length 282.0.released 1998-05-30.artist Cold featuring Fred Durst.nextSingle "Give".album Oddity EP and Cold.Go Away (Cold song)."Go Away" is a song by Cold, released as a single in 1998. The song appeared on the Oddity EP, and later on their self-titled album and features Fred Durst of Limp Bizkit on background vocals..comment "Go Away" is a song by Cold, released as a single in 1998. The song appeared on the Oddity EP, and later on their self-titled album and features Fred Durst of Limp Bizkit on background vocals..
4/6	==DB== Go Away.producer Jorge Casas.producer Clay Ostwald.length 257.0.format 12.0.format 7.0.fromAlbum Gloria Estefan Greatest Hits and Made in America ''soundtrack.lastSingle "I See your Smile".nextSingle "Mi Tierra".Go Away (Gloria Estefan song)."Go Away" is a single by American singer and songwriter Gloria Estefan. It was released in April 1993 as the fourth and last single worldwide and third to the United States from her fourth solo album and second compilation Gloria Estefan Greatest Hits..comment "Go Away" is a single by American singer and songwriter Gloria Estefan. It was released in April 1993 as the fourth and last single worldwide and third to the United States from her fourth solo album and second compilation Gloria Estefan Greatest Hits..
5/6	==DB== Go Away.producer Lorrie Morgan.length 170.0.released 1997-07-21.bSide "I've Enjoyed as Much of This as I Can Stand".lastSingle "Good as I Was to You".nextSingle "One of Those Nights Tonight".Go Away (Lorrie Morgan song)."Go Away" is a song written by Stephony Smith, Cathy Majeski and Sunny Russ, and recorded by American country music artist Lorrie Morgan. It was released in July 1997 as the first single from her album Shakin' Things Up. The song reached #3 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in October 1997..comment "Go Away" is a song written by Stephony Smith, Cathy Majeski and Sunny Russ, and recorded by American country music artist Lorrie Morgan. It was released in July 1997 as the first single from her album Shakin' Things Up. The song reached #3 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in October 1997..
6/6	==SS== To depart or leave a place.{{ux|en|I'm not going to buy it. Please '''go away''' and don't come back.}} 
===161	go on	6
1/6	==SS== To continue in extent.''The meeting seemed to '''go on''' forever.'' 
2/6	==SS== Expresses surprise, disbelief or incredulity.A: ''He asked Fiona to marry him.'' B: '''''Go on!''''' A: ''It's true, I swear.'' 
3/6	==DB== Go-On.released 2009-08-05.lastSingle "Hakanaku mo Towa no Kanashi".nextSingle "Kanashimi wa Kitto".Go On (Uverworld song)."Go-On" is a Japanese-language song by Uverworld. It is the band's 13th single and was released on 5 August 2009. GO-ON is the 2nd ending theme of the drama, Dr. House. Go-On's Oricon Weekly Ranking is #2 and sold a total of 53k copies which is a little more than 恋いしくて which is a non tie-up. Despite this, the single was well received by fans and pretty much a solid single itself. The limited edition and regular comes with one of the 4 different stickers..comment "Go-On" is a Japanese-language song by Uverworld. It is the band's 13th single and was released on 5 August 2009. GO-ON is the 2nd ending theme of the drama, Dr. House. Go-On's Oricon Weekly Ranking is #2 and sold a total of 53k copies which is a little more than 恋いしくて which is a non tie-up. Despite this, the single was well received by fans and pretty much a solid single itself. The limited edition and regular comes with one of the 4 different stickers..
4/6	==DB== Go On....producer Mr. Mister, Kevin Killen.length 3351.0.released 1987-09-08.lastAlbum Welcome to the Real World.nextAlbum Broken Wings: The Encore Collection.Go On....Go On... was the third album by American pop band Mr. Mister. It was released in 1987, and featured a more serious tone than their previous album Welcome to the Real World, which was commercially successful. This album did not fare as well commercially and would become the last publicly released album by the band before they broke up in 1990..comment Go On... was the third album by American pop band Mr. Mister. It was released in 1987, and featured a more serious tone than their previous album Welcome to the Real World, which was commercially successful. This album did not fare as well commercially and would become the last publicly released album by the band before they broke up in 1990..
5/6	==DB== runtime -1380.0.showName Go On.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 22.executiveProducer Scott Silveri.executiveProducer Todd Holland.executiveProducer Karey Burke.company Silver & Gold Productions.company Open 4 Business Productions.company Dark Toy Entertainment.firstAired 2012-08-08.lastAired 2013-04-11.opentheme "Moves", by The New Pornographers ..Go On (TV series).Go On is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from August 8, 2012 to April 11, 2013. The series starred Matthew Perry as Ryan King, a sports talk radio host trying to move on from the death of his wife. Go On was created by Scott Silveri and was given a series order on April 20, 2012. A preview episode aired following the Olympics coverage on August 8. The series premiered on September 11, 2012, in its normal Tuesday timeslot at 9:00 pm Eastern/8:00 pm Central after The Voice. On October 2, 2012, NBC ordered a full season of Go On, to contain 22 episodes. On May 10, 2013, NBC announced that the show had been canceled..comment Go On is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from August 8, 2012 to April 11, 2013. The series starred Matthew Perry as Ryan King, a sports talk radio host trying to move on from the death of his wife. Go On was created by Scott Silveri and was given a series order on April 20, 2012. A preview episode aired following the Olympics coverage on August 8. The series premiered on September 11, 2012, in its normal Tuesday timeslot at 9:00 pm Eastern/8:00 pm Central after The Voice..
6/6	==DB== Go On.MCA Nashville #172169.length 202.0.released 2000-07-10.bSide "Murder on Music Row".lastSingle "The Best Day".nextSingle "Don't Make Me Come Over There and Love You".Go On (George Strait song)."Go On" is a song written by Mark Nesler and Tony Martin, and recorded by American country music artist George Strait. It was released in July 2000 as the lead-off single from his album George Strait..comment "Go On" is a song written by Mark Nesler and Tony Martin, and recorded by American country music artist George Strait. It was released in July 2000 as the lead-off single from his album George Strait..
===162	grow up	8
1/8	==DB== Grow Up.pages 240.isbn 978.oclc 165400713.mediaType Print.releaseDate 2011-07-01.Grow Up (book).Grow Up is a book by author Ben Brooks..comment Grow Up is a book by author Ben Brooks..
2/8	==DB== Grow Up.Asian Man Records.Shakin' Street.#Yeah Hup 010.Lookout!.LK-090.ASM-144.released --05-16.released --04-10.released 1990.nextAlbum Love Songs for the Retarded.Grow Up (The Queers album).Grow Up is the debut album by pop punk band The Queers. Originally issued as an LP by Shakin' Street in 1990, the album was reissued twice afterwards: once in 1994 by Lookout! Records and again in 2007 by Asian Man Records with 5 bonus tracks from the original sessions..comment Grow Up is the debut album by pop punk band The Queers. Originally issued as an LP by Shakin' Street in 1990, the album was reissued twice afterwards: once in 1994 by Lookout! Records and again in 2007 by Asian Man Records with 5 bonus tracks from the original sessions..
3/8	==SS== To mature and become an adult.''What do you want to be when you '''grow up'''?'' 
4/8	==DB== title Grow Up.released --08-16.Grow Up (video game).Grow Up is an open world adventure platform video game developed by Ubisoft Reflections and published by Ubisoft. The game, which is the sequel to 2015's Grow Home, was released on 16 August 2016 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One..comment Grow Up is an open world adventure platform video game developed by Ubisoft Reflections and published by Ubisoft. The game, which is the sequel to 2015's Grow Home, was released on 16 August 2016 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One..
5/8	==DB== Grow Up (Simple Plan song).
6/8	==DB== Grow Up.length 2010.0.length 2258.0.released 2011-06-22.lastAlbum Automatons.nextAlbum Solved EP.Grow Up (Svoy album).Grow Up is the third self-produced solo album by Svoy. It was released in Japan on June 22, 2011, on Thistime Records. U.S./International release followed on June 28, 2011, on Sixteenth Republic Records. In July 2011, it was announced that the album's opening track "Never Grow Up" was picked up for power rotation by Japan's FM Ishikawa 80.5 MHz with the song debuting at #95 on the station's HOT 100 Chart and subsequently peaking at #63. In the same month, it was announced that another track from the album, "Right Here, Right Now", was picked up for Hyper Power Play by Japan's FM Kento 76.5 MHz, with an exclusive feature of "Grow Up" album cover artwork on FM Kento's internet home page. In November, 2011, Russian version of "Never Grow Up" entitled "Navsegda" was added by Moscow's major radio network 94.8 MHz RU.FM and remained in steady rotation until July 2013. Following its release, the album received international critical acclaim: New York's TheCelebrityCafe.com described the album as "...A sonic adventure. Swooning. Emotive."; Tokyo's Skream! Magazine called it "...Superb. Sophisticated. Beautiful."; Tokyo's Bounce Magazine described it as "...Wispy. Poetic."; Osaka's Flake Records Magazine noted that the album is "...Beautiful. Exhilarating." and Niigata's 76.5 FM Kento gave the album "...High praise."..comment Grow Up is the third self-produced solo album by Svoy. It was released in Japan on June 22, 2011, on Thistime Records. U.S./International release followed on June 28, 2011, on Sixteenth Republic Records. In July 2011, it was announced that the album's opening track "Never Grow Up" was picked up for power rotation by Japan's FM Ishikawa 80.5 MHz with the song debuting at #95 on the station's HOT 100 Chart and subsequently peaking at #63. In the same month, it was announced that another track from the album, "Right Here, Right Now", was picked up for Hyper Power Play by Japan's FM Kento 76.5 MHz, with an exclusive feature of "Grow Up" album cover artwork on FM Kento's internet home page. In November, 2011, Russian version of "Never Grow Up" entitled "Navsegda" was added by Moscow's major rad.
7/8	==DB== Grow Up.genre *.producer *.producer * Taylor York.writer *.length 230.0.released 2013-04-05.Grow Up (Paramore song)."Grow Up" is a song by the American rock band Paramore, and is the third track from their self-titled fourth studio album Paramore. Despite not being released as a single, the song charted at #36 on the UK Rock chart. It garnered acclaim from music critics, who called the song one of the standout tracks on Paramore, and praised its production and lyricism..comment "Grow Up" is a song by the American rock band Paramore, and is the third track from their self-titled fourth studio album Paramore. Despite not being released as a single, the song charted at #36 on the UK Rock chart. It garnered acclaim from music critics, who called the song one of the standout tracks on Paramore, and praised its production and lyricism..
8/8	==DB== Grow Up, Tony Phillips.writer Emily Hagins.runtime 5400.0.Grow Up, Tony Phillips.Grow Up, Tony Phillips is a 2013 comedy film by American director Emily Hagins and her fourth feature film. It was first released on October 31, 2013 at the South by Southwest film festival and stars Tony Vespe as Tony Phillips, a young teenager's love for Halloween. Unlike her prior feature-length films, Grow Up, Tony Phillips does not feature any supernatural elements seen in past films such as Pathogen or My Sucky Teen Romance..comment Grow Up, Tony Phillips is a 2013 comedy film by American director Emily Hagins and her fourth feature film. It was first released on October 31, 2013 at the South by Southwest film festival and stars Tony Vespe as Tony Phillips, a young teenager's love for Halloween. Unlike her prior feature-length films, Grow Up, Tony Phillips does not feature any supernatural elements seen in past films such as Pathogen or My Sucky Teen Romance..
===163	hang up	3
1/3	==DB== The Hang Ups.yearsActive 1990.background group_or_band.Clean Music, Restless Records, Trampoline.The Hang Ups.The Hang Ups are an indie pop rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, formed in 1990 and fronted by vocalist and guitarist Brian Tighe. Other members include Jeff Kearns (bass, vocals), Stephen Ittner (drums), and John Crozier (guitar). Producer and band friend Bryan Hanna replaced Ittner on the drums while the band toured. The Hang Ups released their debut EP Comin' Through in 1993, and have since released four studio albums. The band's efforts have been met with warm local and national critical response, and are perhaps most well known for the songs "Jump Start", which appeared in the Kevin Smith film Chasing Amy, and "Top of Morning," which featured in an episode of Dawson's Creek. Although the band never officially broke up, by 2011 most of its members had moved on to other projects, with occasional reunions..comment The Hang Ups are an indie pop rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, formed in 1990 and fronted by vocalist and guitarist Brian Tighe. Other members include Jeff Kearns (bass, vocals), Stephen Ittner (drums), and John Crozier (guitar). Producer and band friend Bryan Hanna replaced Ittner on the drums while the band toured. The Hang Ups released their debut EP Comin' Through in 1993, and have since released four studio albums. The band's efforts have been met with warm local and national critical response, and are perhaps most well known for the songs "Jump Start", which appeared in the Kevin Smith film Chasing Amy, and "Top of Morning," which featured in an episode of Dawson's Creek. Although the band never officially broke up, by 2011 most of its members had moved on to oth.
2/3	==SS== To put up to hang.''I '''hung up''' my wash on the line.'' 
3/3	==DB== Andy Abraham.birthDate 1964-07-17.birthPlace North London, England.yearsActive 2005.background solo_singer.Sony BMG.Andy Abraham.Andrew Abraham (born 16 July 1964 in North London, England) is a British singer. He was the runner-up in the second UK series of TV talent show The X Factor in 2005 to Shayne Ward, and also represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008. Before applying for The X Factor, Abraham was a refuse collector. Prior to this he worked as a bus driver for Arriva London North based at Palmers Green bus garage. Abraham has two children by his wife Denise, a daughter called Tara and a son called Jacob. He is of Grenadian descent..comment Andrew Abraham (born 16 July 1964 in North London, England) is a British singer. He was the runner-up in the second UK series of TV talent show The X Factor in 2005 to Shayne Ward, and also represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008. Before applying for The X Factor, Abraham was a refuse collector. Prior to this he worked as a bus driver for Arriva London North based at Palmers Green bus garage. Abraham has two children by his wife Denise, a daughter called Tara and a son called Jacob. He is of Grenadian descent..
===164	head down	3
1/3	==DB== Head down.length 3316.0.Head Down (Moev album).Head Down is the fourth album by electronic music artist Moev, released in 1990. It was their last album released on Nettwerk Records and the last one featuring vocalist Dean Russell, who died in 1994. The album featured Sarah McLachlan on backing vocals in a few tracks..comment Head Down is the fourth album by electronic music artist Moev, released in 1990. It was their last album released on Nettwerk Records and the last one featuring vocalist Dean Russell, who died in 1994. The album featured Sarah McLachlan on backing vocals in a few tracks..
2/3	==DB== Head Down.mediaType Print.Head Down (essay)."Head Down" is a non-fiction essay by Stephen King that first appeared in The New Yorker in 1990 and was later republished as part of his 1993 short story collection, Nightmares & Dreamscapes. It also pairs with another work in that collection, Brooklyn August..comment "Head Down" is a non-fiction essay by Stephen King that first appeared in The New Yorker in 1990 and was later republished as part of his 1993 short story collection, Nightmares & Dreamscapes. It also pairs with another work in that collection, Brooklyn August..
3/3	==DB== Head Down.length 3379.0.lastAlbum Pressure & Time.nextAlbum Great Western Valkyrie.Head Down (Rival Sons album).Head Down is the third studio album by the blues rock band Rival Sons. The album was released on September 17, 2012 in the UK and was released in the rest of Europe on September 14, 2012. It is the last Rival Sons album recorded by the original line-up, prior to bass player Robin Everhart's departure in August 2013..comment Head Down is the third studio album by the blues rock band Rival Sons. The album was released on September 17, 2012 in the UK and was released in the rest of Europe on September 14, 2012. It is the last Rival Sons album recorded by the original line-up, prior to bass player Robin Everhart's departure in August 2013..
===165	head on	10
1/10	==DB== Head On.producer Samson.GEM/RCA.length 2387.0.released 1980-06-27.lastAlbum Survivors.nextAlbum Shock Tactics.Head On (Samson album).Head On  is the second studio album by British heavy metal band Samson, released in 1980. The cover art features the band's masked drummer, Thunderstick. This is the first album with future Iron Maiden-frontman Bruce Dickinson on vocal duties, although some later re-issues of the debut do feature alternative bonus versions of songs, re-done with Dickinson vocals. The instrumental "Thunderburst" is credited as co-written by Steve Harris. The track is in fact a version of "The Ides of March", an early Iron Maiden song written during the brief time in 1977 in which Thunderstick was in Iron Maiden. Iron Maiden released their own version on the Iron Maiden album Killers the next year, though Steve Harris credited the song solely to himself, annoying the members of Samson. A jazz-style spoof version of "Vice Versa", titled "Egg Timer" and credited to Cosmo Toons and the Split Knee Loons, appears on the For Gillan Fans Only album, given away for free with the first 15,000 copies of Gillan's Glory Road, released in 1980..comment Head On  is the second studio album by British heavy metal band Samson, released in 1980. The cover art features the band's masked drummer, Thunderstick. This is the first album with future Iron Maiden-frontman Bruce Dickinson on vocal duties, although some later re-issues of the debut do feature alternative bonus versions of songs, re-done with Dickinson vocals..
2/10	==DB== Head On.length 2548.0.lastAlbum Four Wheel Drive.nextAlbum Best of B.T.O. (So Far).recorded 1975.Head On (Bachman–Turner Overdrive album).Head On is the fifth studio album by Canadian rock band Bachman–Turner Overdrive, released in December 1975. On the original vinyl release, the album came with a 24x24 inch poster featuring all the members in the band at that time. It was re-released in 2003 on Repertoire Records in conjunction with Mercury Records. The re-release featured the bonus track "Down to the Line", which was released as a single in 1975 but not included on the vinyl nor the original Mercury CD release of Head On. The single "Take It like a Man" reached #33 on the US charts and received significant airplay at that time. Pioneering rocker Little Richard played piano on the recording. Near the end of the song, C.F. Turner tells him to "play it Richard", and he does, with heavy expression. Another single from this album, "Lookin' Out for #1", did not crack the U.S. top 40, but received heavy airplay upon its release on both conventional rock and soft rock FM stations. "Away from Home" was also released as a single in the UK only, with "Down To The Line" on the B side. It did not chart. This album is currently in print..comment Head On is the fifth studio album by Canadian rock band Bachman–Turner Overdrive, released in December 1975. On the original vinyl release, the album came with a 24x24 inch poster featuring all the members in the band at that time. It was re-released in 2003 on Repertoire Records in conjunction with Mercury Records. The re-release featured the bonus track "Down to the Line", which was released as a single in 1975 but not included on the vinyl nor the original Mercury CD release of Head On. This album is currently in print..
3/10	==DB== Head On.producer Michael Grant.runtime 5160.0.Head On (1980 film).Head On is a 1980 Canadian drama film directed by Michael Grant. It was entered into the 31st Berlin International Film Festival. It was released on VHS home video by Vestron Video in 1985 in the USA and has not yet been released on DVD. It is also known in the USA as Fatal Attraction (not to be confused with the 1987 film of the same name starring Michael Douglas and Glenn Close)..comment Head On is a 1980 Canadian drama film directed by Michael Grant. It was entered into the 31st Berlin International Film Festival. It was released on VHS home video by Vestron Video in 1985 in the USA and has not yet been released on DVD. It is also known in the USA as Fatal Attraction (not to be confused with the 1987 film of the same name starring Michael Douglas and Glenn Close)..
4/10	==DB== Head On.length 2290.0.lastAlbum Lookin' for Trouble.nextAlbum Get It on Credit.Head On (Toronto album).Head On is the second studio album by Canadian rock band Toronto, released in 1981. The album was produced by Terry Brown, best known for his work with Rush..comment Head On is the second studio album by Canadian rock band Toronto, released in 1981. The album was produced by Terry Brown, best known for his work with Rush..
5/10	==DB== Head On N.
6/10	==DB== Head On.yearsActive 1980.background group_or_band.Head On (band).Head On was a San Francisco rock band of the early 1980s. Although only putting out independent releases, their influence has worked its way into such diverse bands as Guns N' Roses and The Mars Volta..comment Head On was a San Francisco rock band of the early 1980s. Although only putting out independent releases, their influence has worked its way into such diverse bands as Guns N' Roses and The Mars Volta..
7/10	==DB== Head On.screenplay Ana Kokkinos.runtime 6240.0.country Australia.language English, Greek.starring Julian Garner.basedOn Loaded by.Head On (1998 film).Head On is a 1998 Australian drama film directed by Ana Kokkinos. Based on the novel Loaded written by Christos Tsiolkas, it stars Alex Dimitriades as a young, repressed gay man of Greek descent living in inner city Melbourne. The film gained notoriety upon its release for its sexual explicitness, including a graphic masturbation scene performed by Dimitriades. Controversy aside, the film received mostly positive reviews by critics who praised its stark realism, the lead performance by Dimitriades and the confronting subject matter. One critic in particular, from The Washington Post, compared the film to the work of widely acclaimed German director Rainer Werner Fassbinder..comment Head On is a 1998 Australian drama film directed by Ana Kokkinos. Based on the novel Loaded written by Christos Tsiolkas, it stars Alex Dimitriades as a young, repressed gay man of Greek descent living in inner city Melbourne..
8/10	==DB== Head On.writer Jim Reid and William Reid.length 251.0.length 134.0.recorded Master Control, Burbank;.recorded Pacifique, Burbank;.recorded Studio des dames, Paris;.recorded Blackwing Studios, London..recorded 1991.format 12.0.format 7.0.bSide "Debaser".bSide "Planet of Sound".bSide "Tame".lastSingle "Letter to Memphis".lastSingle "Blues from a Gun".nextSingle "Debaser".nextSingle "Reverence".aSide "Head On".Head On (song)."Head On" is a song written by Jim Reid and William Reid of the Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain. It was originally recorded for the group's 1989 album Automatic and was released as a single in November 1989..comment "Head On" is a song written by Jim Reid and William Reid of the Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain. It was originally recorded for the group's 1989 album Automatic and was released as a single in November 1989..
9/10	==DB== publisher Sega/Gremlin.title Head On.cpu Zilog Z80 clocked at 1.93356 MHz.Head On (video game).Head On is an arcade game released in 1979 by Sega. Cars continuously drive forward through rectangular channels in a simple maze. At the four cardinal directions are gaps where a car can change lanes. The goal is to collect dots in the maze while avoiding collisions with the computer-controlled car that is also collecting dots. It's the first maze game where the goal is to eat dots, and Head On is considered a precursor to Namco's 1980 hit Pac-Man. Head On proved a popular concept to clone for home systems. Clones include Car Wars for the Texas Instruments TI-99/4A, Killer Car for Spectravideo, Car Chase for the Sinclair ZX Spectrum, Dodge 'Em for the Atari 2600, Dodge Racer for the Atari 8-bit family, and Tunnels of Fahad for the TRS-80. Konami's Fast Lane arcade game, released in 1987, is Head On with improved graphics and some additional features. A very similar sequel was released the same year as the original: Head On 2. It was licensed to Nintendo and released as Head On N..comment Head On is an arcade game released in 1979 by Sega. Cars continuously drive forward through rectangular channels in a simple maze. At the four cardinal directions are gaps where a car can change lanes. The goal is to collect dots in the maze while avoiding collisions with the computer-controlled car that is also collecting dots. It's the first maze game where the goal is to eat dots, and Head On is considered a precursor to Namco's 1980 hit Pac-Man. A very similar sequel was released the same year as the original: Head On 2. It was licensed to Nintendo and released as Head On N..
10/10	==DB== Head On.BST 84376.length 2116.0.length 4711.0.lastAlbum San Francisco.nextAlbum Natural Illusions.recorded --07-01.recorded Poppi Recording Studios, Los Angeles.Head On (Bobby Hutcherson album).Head On is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1971 and released on the Blue Note label. The album was rereleased on CD with three additional recordings from the sessions as bonus tracks..comment Head On is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1971 and released on the Blue Note label. The album was rereleased on CD with three additional recordings from the sessions as bonus tracks..
===166	hold on	36
1/36	==DB== Hold On.producer Trapeze & Jimmy Miller.length 2451.0.lastAlbum Trapeze.nextAlbum Live in Texas: Dead Armadillos.Hold On (Trapeze album).Hold on is an album by the British hard rock band Trapeze. The album was originally released in Germany in 1978 under the name Running with a different track order and album cover. This was the first and only studio Trapeze album to feature vocalist Pete Goalby, who later worked with Uriah Heep..comment Hold on is an album by the British hard rock band Trapeze. The album was originally released in Germany in 1978 under the name Running with a different track order and album cover. This was the first and only studio Trapeze album to feature vocalist Pete Goalby, who later worked with Uriah Heep..
2/36	==DB== Hold On.released 2003-07-05.lastAlbum Daisy Daze.nextAlbum Spencer Tracy.Hold On (Spencer Tracy EP).Hold On is an EP by Spencer Tracy, released in July 2003. The EP features the new sound of Spencer Tracy with the dual vocals of Shaun Sibbes and Jessie Bennett (who co-wrote the Lash hit "Take Me Away"). It's closer to rock than the previous pop inclined releases from Spencer Tracy and features a version of the Lennon / McCartney track "I've Got a Feelin'" plus reworks of "Ocean" and "Supergirl"..comment Hold On is an EP by Spencer Tracy, released in July 2003. The EP features the new sound of Spencer Tracy with the dual vocals of Shaun Sibbes and Jessie Bennett (who co-wrote the Lash hit "Take Me Away"). It's closer to rock than the previous pop inclined releases from Spencer Tracy and features a version of the Lennon / McCartney track "I've Got a Feelin'" plus reworks of "Ocean" and "Supergirl"..
3/36	==DB== Hold On.writer *.writer * A. Feeney.* G-Unit * Caroline.length 226.0.released 2014-03-18.artist 50.lastSingle "Don't Worry 'Bout It".nextSingle "Pilot".Hold On (50 Cent song)."Hold On" is a song by American rapper 50 Cent. It was released on March 18, 2014 as the second single from his fifth studio album Animal Ambition..comment "Hold On" is a song by American rapper 50 Cent. It was released on March 18, 2014 as the second single from his fifth studio album Animal Ambition..
4/36	==DB== Hold On.producer Ryan Tedder.writer * Colbie Caillat *.released 2013-11-19.lastSingle "Christmas in the Sand".nextSingle "Try".Hold On (Colbie Caillat song)."Hold On" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Colbie Caillat. It was co-written and produced by Ryan Tedder, who had previously collaborated with Caillat on her 2011 single "Brighter Than the Sun". The song was released to digital retailers through Republic Records on November 19, 2013 as the original lead single from Gypsy Heart but was later scrapped from the domestic release of the album for uncertain reasons. It is, however, included on select international versions of the album. Upon its release, "Hold On" was generally well received by critics, who complimented the new musical direction..comment "Hold On" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Colbie Caillat. It was co-written and produced by Ryan Tedder, who had previously collaborated with Caillat on her 2011 single "Brighter Than the Sun". The song was released to digital retailers through Republic Records on November 19, 2013 as the original lead single from Gypsy Heart but was later scrapped from the domestic release of the album for uncertain reasons. It is, however, included on select international versions of the album. Upon its release, "Hold On" was generally well received by critics, who complimented the new musical direction..
5/36	==DB== Hold On.writer Chynna Phillips, Glen Ballard, additional lyrics by Carnie Wilson.length 222.0.length 267.0.released 1990-02-27.format 7.0.bSide "Over and Over".certification Gold.nextSingle "Release Me".Hold On (Wilson Phillips song)."Hold On" is a song recorded by American vocal group Wilson Phillips. It was released in February 1990 as the lead single from their debut album, Wilson Phillips. The song won the Billboard Music Award for Hot 100 Single of the Year for 1990. At the Grammy Awards of 1991, the song received a nomination for Song of the Year, losing to "From a Distance" by Julie Gold and performed by Bette Midler. Kids Incorporated covered "Hold On" in 1991 in the Season 7 episode "That's What Friends Are For"..comment "Hold On" is a song recorded by American vocal group Wilson Phillips. It was released in February 1990 as the lead single from their debut album, Wilson Phillips. The song won the Billboard Music Award for Hot 100 Single of the Year for 1990. At the Grammy Awards of 1991, the song received a nomination for Song of the Year, losing to "From a Distance" by Julie Gold and performed by Bette Midler. Kids Incorporated covered "Hold On" in 1991 in the Season 7 episode "That's What Friends Are For"..
6/36	==DB== Hold On.length 113.0.released 1970-12-11.trackNo 2.Hold On (John Lennon song)."Hold On" is a song from the album John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band by John Lennon. It features only vocals, tremolo guitar, drums, and bass guitar, typical of the sparse arrangements Lennon favoured at the time. In the middle of the song, Lennon mutters the word "cookie", imitating the Cookie Monster from the US children's television show Sesame Street. On the 2000 reissue of John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band, "Hold On" features a slightly longer introduction. The original version was restored on the 2010 reissue. The song's theme is emotional fragility, as the lyrics state that when you're alone in the world you just have to "hold on." Lennon tries to assure himself that he and wife Yoko Ono have the strength to overcome their challenges, and if he holds on, "it's gonna be all right" and "we're gonna win the fight." Lennon explicitly namechecks himself and Yoko Ono, but author Andrew Jackson does not believe that this detracts from the universality of the message. Indeed, towards the end of the song Lennon expands the subject to encompass the whole world, singing that peace will be achievable when everyone will "see the light" and realize that we are all "one." Musically, Lennon plays his guitar gently, applying tremolo, in an effect that Jackson states matches "the soothing reassurance of the lyrics." Lennon took 32 takes experimenting with different approaches before hitting on this one. However, music critics Wilfrid Mellers and Johnny Rogan state that other elements of the music create some tension with the reassuring message. These elements include Ringo Starr's "jittery" drumming, with many silences, and the fragmented vocal melody, which break up the sentences of the lyrics. Lennon has explained the song as follows: "I'm saying 'hold on John' because I don't want to die...I don't want to be hurt and please don't hit me...Hold on now, we might have a cup of tea, we might get a moment's happiness any minute now. So that's what it's about, just moment by moment. That's how we're living now, but really living like that and cherishing each day, and dreading it too. It might be your last.".comment "Hold On" is a song from the album John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band by John Lennon. It features only vocals, tremolo guitar, drums, and bass guitar, typical of the sparse arrangements Lennon favoured at the time. In the middle of the song, Lennon mutters the word "cookie", imitating the Cookie Monster from the US children's television show Sesame Street. On the 2000 reissue of John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band, "Hold On" features a slightly longer introduction. The original version was restored on the 2010 reissue. Lennon has explained the song as follows:.
7/36	==DB== Hold On.released 1987-07-07.lastAlbum Twenty Years of Dirt.nextAlbum Workin' Band.Hold On (Nitty Gritty Dirt Band album).Hold On is an album by the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. The album includes the third and final number one hit single by the band, "Fishin' in the Dark"..comment Hold On is an album by the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. The album includes the third and final number one hit single by the band, "Fishin' in the Dark"..
8/36	==DB== Hold On.producer Siggi Sigtryggsson.writer Sigurdur Sigtryggsson.writer Mustaq Uddi.3.length 227.0.length 143.0.released 2012-01-01.lastSingle "Amnesia".nextSingle "Make Peace Not War".Hold On (Skepta song)."Hold On" is a song by British MC Skepta. It was released on 1 January 2012, as a digital download on iTunes in the United Kingdom. It was released as an EP for Skepta and didn't take part in any album features..comment "Hold On" is a song by British MC Skepta. It was released on 1 January 2012, as a digital download on iTunes in the United Kingdom. It was released as an EP for Skepta and didn't take part in any album features..
9/36	==DB== Hold On.writer Reginald Arvizu, Zac Baird, Lauren Christy, Jonathan Davis, Graham Edwards, James Shaffer, Scott Spock.length 185.0.released Promo only.released 2007-10-08.released 2007-11-05.format 5.0.lastSingle "Evolution".nextSingle "Kiss".Hold On (Korn song)."Hold On" is a song written and recorded by American nu metal band Korn, The Matrix, and Atticus Ross for Korn's untitled eighth studio album. It was released as the album's second single in October 2007..comment "Hold On" is a song written and recorded by American nu metal band Korn, The Matrix, and Atticus Ross for Korn's untitled eighth studio album. It was released as the album's second single in October 2007..
10/36	==DB== Bottle living"/"Hold on.writer Dave Gahan, Knox Chandler.Mute  - (MUTE 310).length 211.0.released 2003-10-27.lastSingle "I Need You".nextSingle "A Little Piece (live)".Bottle Living/Hold On."Bottle Living" and "Hold On" are songs by Depeche Mode vocalist Dave Gahan and were released as a double A-side single, besides being the third and final single from Gahan's 2003 debut album, Paper Monsters. It was released on 27 October 2003 in the UK, and on 4 November in the USA. The single release of "Hold On" is a "Radio Mix" and has a slightly faster pace and more prominent rhythm track than that of the more placid album version of the song. The UK limited edition Maxi-CD, contains a remixed version of "Hidden Houses", another album track, as a B-side ..comment "Bottle Living" and "Hold On" are songs by Depeche Mode vocalist Dave Gahan and were released as a double A-side single, besides being the third and final single from Gahan's 2003 debut album, Paper Monsters. It was released on 27 October 2003 in the UK, and on 4 November in the USA. The single release of "Hold On" is a "Radio Mix" and has a slightly faster pace and more prominent rhythm track than that of the more placid album version of the song. The UK limited edition Maxi-CD, contains a remixed version of "Hidden Houses", another album track, as a B-side ..
11/36	==DB== Hold On!.runtime 5100.0.music Fred Karger.Hold On! (film).Hold On! is a 1966 musical film directed by Arthur Lubin and starring Peter Noone, Shelley Fabares, Herbert Anderson, and Sue Ane Langdon. The film features performances by Herman's Hermits and stars the band as fictionalized versions of themselves. The soundtrack was released as an album, also called Hold On!..comment Hold On! is a 1966 musical film directed by Arthur Lubin and starring Peter Noone, Shelley Fabares, Herbert Anderson, and Sue Ane Langdon. The film features performances by Herman's Hermits and stars the band as fictionalized versions of themselves. The soundtrack was released as an album, also called Hold On!..
12/36	==DB== Hold On.length 366.0.released 1979-08-06.bSide "Just a Game ".lastSingle "Lay It on the Line".nextSingle "American Girls".Hold On (Triumph song)."Hold On" is the eighth, and often, final track from the 1979 Triumph album, Just a Game. The single was released on August 6, 1979 and rose to number 38 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was written by Rik Emmett. The song, like Lay It on the Line was written two years before the release of the album. After failing to be noticed as an acoustic track in concert the band decided to make it a rock song and placed it at the end of the concept song, The Twisted Maze which compasses the entire second side of the vinyl. The song has never been performed by the entire band in concert, due to its broad and complex arrangements. The live version from Stages, which is the only official version, was done acoustically. The B-side is the title track for the album, clocking in at five minutes and forty eight seconds. The video of the song was cut up and altered to help its chart potential, where it became only a two-minute-and-fifty-nine-second track. The video did not include the acoustic folk section of the beginning or the disco-styled breakdown at the end. This version was also the version released on the singles for every foreign country, thus the only countries to have the entire song was Canada and the United States..comment "Hold On" is the eighth, and often, final track from the 1979 Triumph album, Just a Game. The single was released on August 6, 1979 and rose to number 38 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was written by Rik Emmett. The song, like Lay It on the Line was written two years before the release of the album. After failing to be noticed as an acoustic track in concert the band decided to make it a rock song and placed it at the end of the concept song, The Twisted Maze which compasses the entire second side of the vinyl..
13/36	==DB== Hold On.producer Pierre "The Maven" Medor, Rico Love.writer Pierre "The Maven" Medor, Rico Love, Sean Paul Henriques.length 248.0.released 2012-03-05.lastSingle "Summer Paradise".Hold On (Sean Paul song).Hold On is the third single from the Jamaican recording artist Sean Paul's fifth studio album Tomahawk Technique. It was written by Pierre "The Maven" Medor, Rico Love and Sean Paul Henriques and was produced by Pierre "The Maven" Medor, Rico Love. The song has charted in France. Hold On is widely associated with Usain Bolt in his endeavour to victory in the London 2012 Olympic Games in the 100m and 200m races..comment Hold On is the third single from the Jamaican recording artist Sean Paul's fifth studio album Tomahawk Technique. It was written by Pierre "The Maven" Medor, Rico Love and Sean Paul Henriques and was produced by Pierre "The Maven" Medor, Rico Love. The song has charted in France. Hold On is widely associated with Usain Bolt in his endeavour to victory in the London 2012 Olympic Games in the 100m and 200m races..
14/36	==DB== Hold On.producer SBTRKT.length 211.0.released 2012-02-21.artist SBTRKT featuring Sampha.format 12.0.Hold On (SBTRKT song)."Hold On" is a song by British musician SBTRKT; the stage name of Aaron Jerome. It features on vocals SBTRKT's main collaborator and live bandmate, Sampha. The single was released on 21 February 2012. A cover has been recorded by Solveig Heilo from the Norwegian band Katzenjammer..comment "Hold On" is a song by British musician SBTRKT; the stage name of Aaron Jerome. It features on vocals SBTRKT's main collaborator and live bandmate, Sampha. The single was released on 21 February 2012. A cover has been recorded by Solveig Heilo from the Norwegian band Katzenjammer..
15/36	==DB== Hold On (folk song).
16/36	==DB== Baby Hold On.writer James Lyon, Eddie Money.length 210.0.bSide "Save a Little Room in Your Heart for Me".nextSingle "Two Tickets to Paradise".Baby Hold On."Baby Hold On" is a song recorded by American rock singer Eddie Money. It was written by Money and guitarist Jimmy Lyon and released in 1978 as the lead single from Money's debut album Eddie Money. The song reached number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was featured in the soundtrack for the video game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories and the hit movie Joe Dirt..comment "Baby Hold On" is a song recorded by American rock singer Eddie Money. It was written by Money and guitarist Jimmy Lyon and released in 1978 as the lead single from Money's debut album Eddie Money. The song reached number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was featured in the soundtrack for the video game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories and the hit movie Joe Dirt..
17/36	==DB== Hold On!.lastAlbum When the Boys Meet the Girls.nextAlbum Both Sides of Herman's Hermits.Hold On! (album).(This article is about the Herman's Hermits album. For other uses, see Hold On (disambiguation).) The Hold On! EP by Herman's Hermits is the band's fifth EP and was released in the United Kingdom by EMI/Columbia (catalogue number SEG 8503.) In the US and Canada it was released as a full album. It was the third album released by MGM Records in the USA and Canada for the band. It is the soundtrack album to a 1966 film featuring Herman's Hermits and Shelley Fabares, Hold On! The producers had recruited Fred Karger, a Hollywood composer who had served as music director of the group's previous movie, When the Boys Meet the Girls, to write the songs for the movie. In an interview on a television documentary on The British Invasion, Peter Noone recalled that the original title of the film was There's No Place Like Space, for which Karger had written the theme song. However, the group and their manager Mickie Most agreed that the song wasn't right for them and, instead, asked co-star Shelley Fabares' then-husband, record producer Lou Adler, for help. Adler recommended songwriter P.F. Sloan to compose the title track for the film. Sloan's recollection was that the film was to be renamed A Must to Avoid, and he wrote a song for that title, with some contributions from his writing partner Steve Barri. When the studio vetoed that title, the film was then retitled Hold On! after another one of Sloan's songs. Ultimately, the ten-song US soundtrack album included five songs written by Karger, including the lone song sung by Fabares, four songs written by Sloan/Barri, and one Hermits cover of a 1937 British music hall song. The six-song UK EP used all four Sloan/Barri songs and just two of the Karger songs. "A Must to Avoid" and "Leaning on a Lamp Post" both reached the Billboard Top 10 as singles in the US, and "Hold On!" was a B-side. "A Must to Avoid" was also a top 10 hit in the UK..comment (This article is about the Herman's Hermits album. For other uses, see Hold On (disambiguation).) The Hold On! EP by Herman's Hermits is the band's fifth EP and was released in the United Kingdom by EMI/Columbia (catalogue number SEG 8503.) In the US and Canada it was released as a full album. It was the third album released by MGM Records in the USA and Canada for the band. It is the soundtrack album to a 1966 film featuring Herman's Hermits and Shelley Fabares, Hold On!.
18/36	==DB== Hold On.writer Thomas McElroy, Denzil Foster, En Vogue ,.writer with William "Smokey" Robinson, James Brown, Fred Wesley, John Starks..length 304.0.released --03-05.released --02-23.format 12.0.bSide "Lies".nextSingle "Lies".Hold On (En Vogue song)."Hold On" is a song by American recording group En Vogue released in 1990. It is the first single from their debut album, Born to Sing. The song was produced by producing duo Denzil Foster and Thomas McElroy and composed by all members of En Vogue, Thomas and Foster..comment "Hold On" is a song by American recording group En Vogue released in 1990. It is the first single from their debut album, Born to Sing. The song was produced by producing duo Denzil Foster and Thomas McElroy and composed by all members of En Vogue, Thomas and Foster..
19/36	==DB== Hold On.writer Rosanne Cash.length 218.0.released 1986-02-15.bSide "Never Gonna Hurt".lastSingle "Never Be You".nextSingle "Second to No One".Hold On (Rosanne Cash song)."Hold On" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Rosanne Cash. It was released in February 1986 as the third single from the album Rhythm and Romance. The song reached #5 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart..comment "Hold On" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Rosanne Cash. It was released in February 1986 as the third single from the album Rhythm and Romance. The song reached #5 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart..
20/36	==DB== Hold On (Stellar Kart song)."Hold On" is a song recorded by the Christian group, Stellar Kart. It was released as the final single from the album We Can't Stand Sitting Down on July 25, 2006, and reached number #24 in 2006 on the Hot Christian Songs chart..comment "Hold On" is a song recorded by the Christian group, Stellar Kart. It was released as the final single from the album We Can't Stand Sitting Down on July 25, 2006, and reached number #24 in 2006 on the Hot Christian Songs chart..
21/36	==DB== Hold On.producer Jimmy Bowen, Steve Wariner.writer Steve Wariner, Randy Hart.released 1988-10-15.bSide "Runnin'".lastSingle "I Should Be with You".nextSingle "Where Did I Go Wrong".Hold On (A Little Longer)."Hold On (A Little Longer)" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Steve Wariner. It was released in October 1988 as the third single from the album I Should Be with You. The song reached #6 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was written by Wariner and Randy Hart..comment "Hold On (A Little Longer)" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Steve Wariner. It was released in October 1988 as the third single from the album I Should Be with You. The song reached #6 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was written by Wariner and Randy Hart..
22/36	==DB== Hold On.producer Joe Baldridge, Brad Dring.released 2010-01-29.released 2010-06-08.lastAlbum Rapture Ruckus Live at World's End.Hold On (Rapture Ruckus EP).Hold On is an EP being released on 8 June 2010 through Parachute by the New Zealand Hip Hop/ Rock band Rapture Ruckus. The Album is a New Zealand Release of the debut EP Rapture Ruckus which is being released through Tooth & Nail records. A pre release of the EP was made available on 29 January 2010 at the Parachute Music Festival 640 copies were printed and all sold in the first 24 hours of the festival. The EP charted at #7 on the NZ Top 40 albums chart and #1 on the NZ Independent albums chart..comment Hold On is an EP being released on 8 June 2010 through Parachute by the New Zealand Hip Hop/ Rock band Rapture Ruckus. The Album is a New Zealand Release of the debut EP Rapture Ruckus which is being released through Tooth & Nail records. A pre release of the EP was made available on 29 January 2010 at the Parachute Music Festival 640 copies were printed and all sold in the first 24 hours of the festival. The EP charted at #7 on the NZ Top 40 albums chart and #1 on the NZ Independent albums chart..
23/36	==DB== Hold On.writer KT Tunstall, Ed Case.length 177.0.released 2007-07-16.bSide "Journey".Hold On (KT Tunstall song)."Hold On" is an alternative rock song performed by Scottish singer KT Tunstall. The song was written by Tunstall and produced by Steve Osborne for Tunstall's second album Drastic Fantastic (2007). The song was released as the album's first single on 16 July 2007 in the United States and on 13 August 2007 in Canada. It was released in the United Kingdom as a download single on 13 August 2007, and on CD and 7" on 27 August 2007. It had mainstream success peaking at number 21 in the UK Singles Chart and number 19 in Norwegian and Italian Singles Charts..comment "Hold On" is an alternative rock song performed by Scottish singer KT Tunstall. The song was written by Tunstall and produced by Steve Osborne for Tunstall's second album Drastic Fantastic (2007). The song was released as the album's first single on 16 July 2007 in the United States and on 13 August 2007 in Canada. It was released in the United Kingdom as a download single on 13 August 2007, and on CD and 7" on 27 August 2007. It had mainstream success peaking at number 21 in the UK Singles Chart and number 19 in Norwegian and Italian Singles Charts..
24/36	==DB== Hold On.length 249.0.released 2003-03-06.lastSingle "The Young & the Hopeless".nextSingle "Predictable".Hold On (Good Charlotte song)."Hold On" is the fifth and last single taken from Good Charlotte's second studio album The Young and the Hopeless..comment "Hold On" is the fifth and last single taken from Good Charlotte's second studio album The Young and the Hopeless..
25/36	==DB== Hold On.producer Robin Gibb, Blue Weaver.length 212.0.format 12.0.bSide "Hold On  ".Hold On (To My Love)."Hold On (To My Love)" is a song written by Robin Gibb and Blue Weaver and performed by American soul singer Jimmy Ruffin, released in 1980 on his album Sunrise. It reached #10 in the US, #29 in the US R&B and #7 in the UK..comment "Hold On (To My Love)" is a song written by Robin Gibb and Blue Weaver and performed by American soul singer Jimmy Ruffin, released in 1980 on his album Sunrise. It reached #10 in the US, #29 in the US R&B and #7 in the UK..
26/36	==DB== Hold On.143.length 245.0.released 2009-12-11.bSide "Let It Snow, Let It Snow, Let It Snow".lastSingle "Haven't Met You Yet".nextSingle "Baby (You've Got What It Takes)".Hold On (Michael Bublé song)."Hold On" is a song by Canadian crooner Michael Bublé, released as the second single from his fourth studio album, Crazy Love. The single was released on December 11, 2009, although it was serviced to radio again on February 14, 2011, after its appearance in an episode of the talent series Dancing on Ice..comment "Hold On" is a song by Canadian crooner Michael Bublé, released as the second single from his fourth studio album, Crazy Love. The single was released on December 11, 2009, although it was serviced to radio again on February 14, 2011, after its appearance in an episode of the talent series Dancing on Ice..
27/36	==SS== To grasp or grip firmly.{{ux|en|'''Hold on''' tightly to the railing.}} 
28/36	==DB== Hold On.length 226.0.lastSingle "Virtual Reality".nextSingle "Gimme Love".Hold On (Alexia song)."Hold On" is a single released by the Italian singer Alexia solely in Brazil in 1997. It was the only single released during Alexia's time with DWA that was not written by Alexia and Robyx..comment "Hold On" is a single released by the Italian singer Alexia solely in Brazil in 1997. It was the only single released during Alexia's time with DWA that was not written by Alexia and Robyx..
29/36	==DB== Hold On.released 2012-08-06.artist MGK featuring Young Jeezy.lastSingle "Invincible".nextSingle "Till I Die".Hold On (Shut Up)."Hold On (Shut Up)" is a song by American hip hop recording artist MGK . The song, released on August 6, 2012, serves as the third single from his debut studio album Lace Up. The single features vocals from American rapper Young Jeezy and was produced by JP Did This 1..comment "Hold On (Shut Up)" is a song by American hip hop recording artist MGK . The song, released on August 6, 2012, serves as the third single from his debut studio album Lace Up. The single features vocals from American rapper Young Jeezy and was produced by JP Did This 1..
30/36	==DB== Hold On.producer NERVO, R3hab.length 181.0.released 2013-04-09.lastSingle "Like Home".nextSingle "Revolution".Hold On (Nervo song)."Hold On" is a song by Australian twin sisters Nervo. The single was released digitally on 9 April 2013 and is included on their 2015 album, Collateral. Two additional remix Extended Plays were released in May and June 2013. “Hold On” peaked at number one of the Hot Dance Club Songs in the United States for the week commencing June 22, 2013. This is the girls first number 1 song on any chart..comment "Hold On" is a song by Australian twin sisters Nervo. The single was released digitally on 9 April 2013 and is included on their 2015 album, Collateral. Two additional remix Extended Plays were released in May and June 2013. “Hold On” peaked at number one of the Hot Dance Club Songs in the United States for the week commencing June 22, 2013. This is the girls first number 1 song on any chart..
31/36	==DB== Hold On.released 1994-11-02.format CD single, Cassette.Hold On (Tanya Blount song)."Hold On" is a song by American R&B singer Tanya Blount. It was the third single released from, Natural Thing..comment "Hold On" is a song by American R&B singer Tanya Blount. It was the third single released from, Natural Thing..
32/36	==DB== Hold On.length 2056.0.released 2004-04-13.recorded January 2004 at Saosound/Newps, Newport, California.Hold On (Name Taken album).Hold On is the debut (and ultimately final) full-length album released by American rock band Name Taken. The album was produced by Saosin guitarist Beau Burchell. The second track, "Hold on for Your Dearest Life", was subsequently collected on the Warped Tour 2005 Tour Compilation. The lyrics of the fourth track "Panic", is the first appearance of the term Panic! at the Disco, later used as the namesake of the platinum-selling band. Panic! at the discoSat back and took it so slowAre you nervous? Are you shaking?.comment Hold On is the debut (and ultimately final) full-length album released by American rock band Name Taken. The album was produced by Saosin guitarist Beau Burchell. The second track, "Hold on for Your Dearest Life", was subsequently collected on the Warped Tour 2005 Tour Compilation. The lyrics of the fourth track "Panic", is the first appearance of the term Panic! at the Disco, later used as the namesake of the platinum-selling band. Panic! at the discoSat back and took it so slowAre you nervous? Are you shaking?.
33/36	==DB== Hold On.length 273.0.bSide "Oxun ".Hold On (Santana song)."Hold On" is a song written and first recorded by the Canadian singer and songwriter Ian Thomas, on his 1981 album The Runner. In 1982 the Latin rock band Santana, featuring lead vocalist Alex Ligertwood, covered the song for their album Shangó. It is the second track on the album and was released as the album's first single. The song reached No. 15 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, making it Santana's tenth most successful US hit. It also peaked at No. 17 on Billboard's Top Tracks chart. On the Cashbox chart, it reached No. 9. In Canada, "Hold On" peaked at No. 4 for two weeks, becoming their greatest Canadian hit to that date..comment "Hold On" is a song written and first recorded by the Canadian singer and songwriter Ian Thomas, on his 1981 album The Runner. In 1982 the Latin rock band Santana, featuring lead vocalist Alex Ligertwood, covered the song for their album Shangó. It is the second track on the album and was released as the album's first single. The song reached No. 15 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, making it Santana's tenth most successful US hit. It also peaked at No. 17 on Billboard's Top Tracks chart. On the Cashbox chart, it reached No. 9..
34/36	==DB== Hold On.filename Jonas Brothers - Hold On.ogg.title "Hold On".description 16.0.released 2007-05-22.lastSingle 3000.0.nextSingle "We Got the Party".Hold On (Jonas Brothers song)."Hold On" is a song by American pop band Jonas Brothers. The song was released as the band's first single from their self-titled second album in 2007. The iTunes Store named this single as #3 on their "Best of the Store" Playlist on August 7, 2007..comment "Hold On" is a song by American pop band Jonas Brothers. The song was released as the band's first single from their self-titled second album in 2007. The iTunes Store named this single as #3 on their "Best of the Store" Playlist on August 7, 2007..
35/36	==DB== Hold On.Gordy (G7-996 M1).lastAlbum Frenzy.nextAlbum High Inergy.Hold On (High Inergy album).Hold On was the fifth album by High Inergy. Like their previous three albums, this one was a commercial and critical disappointment. It peaked at #70 on Billboard's R&B Album charts and failed to make the Top 200 Pop Album charts. The album spawned one chart single, a cover of Bettye Swann's #1 R&B hit, Make Me Yours, which Andrew Hamilton in his All Music Guide review described as "better-than-the-original." Unfortunately, High Inergy's version failed to achieve the chart success of the original, peaking at just #68..comment Hold On was the fifth album by High Inergy. Like their previous three albums, this one was a commercial and critical disappointment. It peaked at #70 on Billboard's R&B Album charts and failed to make the Top 200 Pop Album charts. The album spawned one chart single, a cover of Bettye Swann's #1 R&B hit, Make Me Yours, which Andrew Hamilton in his All Music Guide review described as "better-than-the-original." Unfortunately, High Inergy's version failed to achieve the chart success of the original, peaking at just #68..
36/36	==DB== Hold On.length 226.0.released 2012-02-06.Hold On (Alabama Shakes song)."Hold On" is a song by American rock band Alabama Shakes. The track was first released on February 6, 2012 in the United Kingdom as the lead single from the studio album Boys & Girls (2012)..comment "Hold On" is a song by American rock band Alabama Shakes. The track was first released on February 6, 2012 in the United Kingdom as the lead single from the studio album Boys & Girls (2012)..
===167	hook up	3
1/3	==SS== To assemble the parts of a mechanism, especially by connecting wires.
2/3	==DB== Hook Up.Hook Up."Hook Up" is a collaborative single by the artists signed under New Zealand record label Dawn Raid Entertainment under the name Dawn Raid All-Stars released in 2004. The premise of the single was also to promote Boost Mobile and has been used as the background music for their advertisements..comment "Hook Up" is a collaborative single by the artists signed under New Zealand record label Dawn Raid Entertainment under the name Dawn Raid All-Stars released in 2004. The premise of the single was also to promote Boost Mobile and has been used as the background music for their advertisements..
3/3	==DB== Hook-up.
===168	inside out	53
1/53	==DB== Inside Out.producer John Martyn.length 2386.0.lastAlbum Solid Air.nextAlbum Sunday's Child.Inside Out (John Martyn album).Inside Out is an album released in 1973 by British singer-songwriter John Martyn. His fifth solo album, it was also his most experimental, and his jazziest release to date. The album features two fan-favorites, "Fine Lines" and "Make No Mistake," as well as two songs that he enjoyed playing live as jazz epics, "Outside In" and "Look In." An 18-minute live version of "Outside In" appears on his self-distributed Live at Leeds album. The song 'Make No Mistake' references John Coltrane's 'A Love Supreme'..comment Inside Out is an album released in 1973 by British singer-songwriter John Martyn. His fifth solo album, it was also his most experimental, and his jazziest release to date. The album features two fan-favorites, "Fine Lines" and "Make No Mistake," as well as two songs that he enjoyed playing live as jazz epics, "Outside In" and "Look In." An 18-minute live version of "Outside In" appears on his self-distributed Live at Leeds album. The song 'Make No Mistake' references John Coltrane's 'A Love Supreme'..
2/53	==DB== Inside Out.producer Trisha Yearwood.length 2696.0.released 2001-06-05.lastAlbum Real Live Woman.nextAlbum Jasper County.Inside Out (Trisha Yearwood album).Inside Out is the ninth studio album by country music singer Trisha Yearwood. It was her second studio album of the new millennium. The album reached #1 on the Billboard country albums chart. The album also contained the bonus track, "You're Where I Belong", on UK, Asian and Australian releases. In the U.S., "I Would've Loved You Anyway" and the Don Henley duet title track were both released as singles; they peaked at #4 and #31, respectively, on the Billboard country charts. "I Don't Paint Myself into Corners" and "Melancholy Blue" were originally recorded by Rebecca Lynn Howard on her self-titled debut album. Yearwood's rendition was a #47 hit for her in 2002, while Howard's was a #67 in 2000. Vince Gill served as background vocals for "I Don't Paint Myself into Corners." Don Henley duets with Yearwood on the title track. This is the first time Henley served as Yearwood's duet partner since 1992's "Walkaway Joe." The album includes a cover version of Rosanne Cash's "Seven Year Ache." Cash even served as one of the background vocalist for the song. The album was given a positive review by Allmusic, said the album was, "bound to inspire fans and fellow artists alike.".comment Inside Out is the ninth studio album by country music singer Trisha Yearwood. It was her second studio album of the new millennium. The album reached #1 on the Billboard country albums chart. The album also contained the bonus track, "You're Where I Belong", on UK, Asian and Australian releases. In the U.S., "I Would've Loved You Anyway" and the Don Henley duet title track were both released as singles; they peaked at #4 and #31, respectively, on the Billboard country charts. "I Don't Paint Myself into Corners" and "Melancholy Blue" were originally recorded by Rebecca Lynn Howard on her self-titled debut album. Yearwood's rendition was a #47 hit for her in 2002, while Howard's was a #67 in 2000..
3/53	==DB== Inside Out.Inside Out: Original Soundtrack.director *.screenplay *.screenplay *Pete Docter *.runtime 5640.0.type soundtrack.length 3583.0.starring *.budget 1.75E8.released 2015-06-16.gross 8.576E8.lastAlbum Monsters University.nextAlbum The Good Dinosaur.Inside Out (2015 film).Inside Out is a 2015 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The film was directed by Pete Docter and co-directed by Ronnie del Carmen, with a screenplay by Docter, Meg LeFauve and Josh Cooley from a story by Docter and del Carmen. The film is set in the mind of a young girl named Riley Andersen (Kaitlyn Dias), where five personified emotions—Joy (Amy Poehler), Sadness (Phyllis Smith), Anger (Lewis Black), Fear (Bill Hader), and Disgust (Mindy Kaling)—try to lead her through life as her parents (Diane Lane and Kyle MacLachlan) move from Minnesota to San Francisco and she has to adjust to her new surroundings. Docter first began developing Inside Out in 2009 after noticing changes in his daughter's personality as she grew older. The film's producers consulted numerous psychologists, including Dacher Keltner from the University of California, Berkeley, who helped revise the story by emphasizing the neuropsychological findings that human emotions affect interpersonal relationships and can be significantly moderated by them. After premiering at the 68th Cannes Film Festival in May, Inside Out was released in North America on June 19, 2015, accompanied by the short film Lava directed by James Ford Murphy. Critics praised the film's concept, screenplay, subject matter, musical score, and the vocal performances—particularly for Poehler, Smith, and Richard Kind. The film grossed $90.4 million in its first weekend—the highest opening for an original title at the time. It accumulated over $857 million in worldwide box office revenue. Inside Out has received several awards, including a BAFTA Award, Golden Globe Award, Critics' Choice Award, Annie Award, Satellite Award, and Academy Award for Best Animated Feature. In 2016, the film was named as the 41st best film of the 21st century from a poll of 177 film critics from around the world..comment Inside Out is a 2015 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The film was directed by Pete Docter and co-directed by Ronnie del Carmen, with a screenplay by Docter, Meg LeFauve and Josh Cooley from a story by Docter and del Carmen. The film is set in the mind of a young girl named Riley Andersen (Kaitlyn Dias), where five personified emotions—Joy (Amy Poehler), Sadness (Phyllis Smith), Anger (Lewis Black), Fear (Bill Hader), and Disgust (Mindy Kaling)—try to lead her through life as her parents (Diane Lane and Kyle MacLachlan) move from Minnesota to San Francisco and she has to adjust to her new surroundings..
4/53	==DB== Inside Out.length 219.0.released 1998-05-26.Inside Out (Eve 6 song)."Inside Out" is a song by American alternative rock band Eve 6. It was released in May 1998 as the first single from their debut album Eve 6. The song was a big hit, managing to top the Modern Rock Tracks chart three times (for a combined total of four weeks at number one and nine weeks at number 2 while falling behind "Iris" from the Goo Goo Dolls and "One Week" from the Barenaked Ladies). It also reached #21 on the Hot 100 Airplay on the issue dated November 28, 1998..comment "Inside Out" is a song by American alternative rock band Eve 6. It was released in May 1998 as the first single from their debut album Eve 6. The song was a big hit, managing to top the Modern Rock Tracks chart three times (for a combined total of four weeks at number one and nine weeks at number 2 while falling behind "Iris" from the Goo Goo Dolls and "One Week" from the Barenaked Ladies). It also reached #21 on the Hot 100 Airplay on the issue dated November 28, 1998..
5/53	==DB== runtime 1800.0.related BBC Scotland Investigates.showName Inside Out.channel BBC One HD.firstAired 2002-09-09.Inside Out (UK TV series).Inside Out is the brand name for a number of regional television programmes in England broadcast on BBC One. Each series, made by a BBC region, focuses on stories from the local area. Commissioned by BBC One controller Lorraine Heggessey, the programme began on 9 September 2002 and replaced a number of different titles previously used on BBC Two..comment Inside Out is the brand name for a number of regional television programmes in England broadcast on BBC One. Each series, made by a BBC region, focuses on stories from the local area. Commissioned by BBC One controller Lorraine Heggessey, the programme began on 9 September 2002 and replaced a number of different titles previously used on BBC Two..
6/53	==DB== Inside Out (The Unit).
7/53	==DB== Inside Out.producer Peter Duffell.writer Judd Bernard, Stephen Schneck.runtime 5820.0.released 1975-01-01.narrator Peter Duffell.Inside Out (1975 film).Inside Out is a 1975 British action thriller film directed by Peter Duffell and starring James Mason, Robert Culp and Telly Savalas. The movie aired on television in the United States on NBC on 1 January 1978 under the alternate title Hitler's Gold. It was also titled The Golden Heist, and Ein genialer Bluff (in West Germany). It was an Inspiration for the film Wild Geese II.comment Inside Out is a 1975 British action thriller film directed by Peter Duffell and starring James Mason, Robert Culp and Telly Savalas. The movie aired on television in the United States on NBC on 1 January 1978 under the alternate title Hitler's Gold. It was also titled The Golden Heist, and Ein genialer Bluff (in West Germany). It was an Inspiration for the film Wild Geese II.
8/53	==DB== Inside Out.released 1995-12-08.lastAlbum The Funky Headhunter.nextAlbum Active Duty.Inside Out (MC Hammer album).Inside Out (inside out V) or V Inside Out is the fifth studio album commercially released by MC Hammer in 1995. The album was his sixth record release overall. After the decrease in popularity and sales of his previous album, The Funky Headhunter, Hammer decided to maintain his clean pop image. The album was a look within Hammer's deep artistic self and featured dance, gospel, and emotionally driven tracks which spawned two singles, "Sultry Funk" and the gospel single "Going Up Yonder" (both of which were performed by Hammer on the popular dance show Soul Train and made countdowns on nationwide local radio stations). As a result, it charted at #23 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. In contrast to his prior albums, the singles did not go as far as previous releases, only debuting and peaking at #119 on the Billboard charts. Critics claimed it was unfocused, as it was unclear if the genre was pop or rap. Although, some critics praised the fact it was perhaps intentionally eclectic (combining elements of dance, pop, rap, hip hop, alternative rock, and gospel). Nonetheless, the album sold below expectations and Giant Records dropped him and Oaktown Records from their roster. However, with his appearance on VH1's Behind the Music, which showcased songs from the album at that time and a music video for "Keep On", the album did get notable attention with "Going Up Yonder" and "Sultry Funk" receiving moderate radio play. It is well liked by devout Hammer fans, even considered one of his best artistically. Since this album didn't sell as well as its predecessors (perhaps due to less promotion), some people claimed it was victim of the "crab mentality". Hammer would go on to explain within the liner notes of this album that he felt many of his so-called friends he staffed used and betrayed him, which contributed to a majority of his financial loss (best explained in the song "Keep On"). He would also hint about this again during interviews, including on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in 2009 (as well as on The Oprah Winfrey Show in 1997). Hammer thanks Eazy-E for introducing him every night they were on tour together in 1991 on the track "Nothin But Love (A Song for Eazy)", which was dedicated to him after his death..comment Inside Out (inside out V) or V Inside Out is the fifth studio album commercially released by MC Hammer in 1995. The album was his sixth record release overall. After the decrease in popularity and sales of his previous album, The Funky Headhunter, Hammer decided to maintain his clean pop image. Hammer thanks Eazy-E for introducing him every night they were on tour together in 1991 on the track "Nothin But Love (A Song for Eazy)", which was dedicated to him after his death..
9/53	==DB== Inside Out.genre *.producer *Tyrone Edmond  *.producer ( ) *Radio *.length 2313.0.released 2010-11-05.lastAlbum 9.Inside Out (Kat DeLuna album).Inside Out is the second studio album by Dominican American recording artist Kat DeLuna. It was released exclusively to Belgium, France, Poland and Japan between November 5, 2010 and July 13, 2011. DeLuna released a buzz single, "Unstoppable", before the lead single of the album, "Push Push". It was officially released on April 16, 2010. The album was commercially successful in Belgium, debuting and peaking at number 16 on the official album's chart. The second single, "Party O'Clock" was released before November 5, 2010. A third single, "Dancing Tonight", was released on February 22, 2011 and became the #1 record on the Billboard Dance Charts in the United States. DeLuna released the fifth single from the album, "Drop It Low". "Boom Boom (Tequila)" was released as the sixth and final single from the album, It was exclusively released in Japan only..comment Inside Out is the second studio album by Dominican American recording artist Kat DeLuna. It was released exclusively to Belgium, France, Poland and Japan between November 5, 2010 and July 13, 2011. DeLuna released a buzz single, "Unstoppable", before the lead single of the album, "Push Push". It was officially released on April 16, 2010. The album was commercially successful in Belgium, debuting and peaking at number 16 on the official album's chart. The second single, "Party O'Clock" was released before November 5, 2010. A third single, "Dancing Tonight", was released on February 22, 2011 and became the #1 record on the Billboard Dance Charts in the United States. DeLuna released the fifth single from the album, "Drop It Low". "Boom Boom (Tequila)" was released as the sixth and final sing.
10/53	==DB== Inside Out.filename Britney Spears - Inside Out.ogg.title "Inside Out".description 22.0.length 218.0.prev "Hold It Against Me".next "I Wanna Go".trackNo 3.Inside Out (Britney Spears song)."Inside Out" is a song by American recording artist Britney Spears, included on her seventh studio album Femme Fatale (2011). It was written by Lukasz Gottwald, Jacob Kasher Hindlin, Mathieu Jomphe, Max Martin and Bonnie McKee whilst production was handled by Dr. Luke, Max Martin and Billboard. Musically, "Inside Out" is an electropop song that uses elements of dubstep and R&B, and has been compared to Spears' previous material on previous albums In the Zone and Circus, as well as the work of Madonna. Lyrically, the song has been described as a "sexy break-up song", while making references to her previous singles "...Baby One More Time" and "(You Drive Me) Crazy". The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, who commended its production. Due to strong digital sales of the album, "Inside Out" peaked at number fifty-nine on South Korea's Gaon International Chart..comment "Inside Out" is a song by American recording artist Britney Spears, included on her seventh studio album Femme Fatale (2011). It was written by Lukasz Gottwald, Jacob Kasher Hindlin, Mathieu Jomphe, Max Martin and Bonnie McKee whilst production was handled by Dr. Luke, Max Martin and Billboard. Musically, "Inside Out" is an electropop song that uses elements of dubstep and R&B, and has been compared to Spears' previous material on previous albums In the Zone and Circus, as well as the work of Madonna. Lyrically, the song has been described as a "sexy break-up song", while making references to her previous singles "...Baby One More Time" and "(You Drive Me) Crazy". The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, who commended its production. Due to strong digital sales of t.
11/53	==DB== Inside Out (CSI: Miami).
12/53	==DB== Inside Out (Traveling Wilburys song).
13/53	==DB== Inside Out.recorded by Jay Healy at Belmont Mall, Bloomington, Indiana.Inside Out (Sue Medley album).Inside Out is Sue Medley's 2nd album..comment Inside Out is Sue Medley's 2nd album..
14/53	==DB== Inside Out.producer Imelda May, Andy Wright, Gavin Goldberg.writer Imelda May.length 208.0.released 2011-01-16.recorded May 2010 — June 2010 at Embassy Studios in Basingstoke, United Kingdom.format 7.0.bSide "Inside Out".lastSingle "Kentish Town Waltz".Inside Out (Imelda May song)."Inside Out" is a song by Irish rockabilly singer Imelda May. Written solely by May, the song was released as her sixth single on January 16, 2011 and the third, and presumably final, single from her third studio album Mayhem..comment "Inside Out" is a song by Irish rockabilly singer Imelda May. Written solely by May, the song was released as her sixth single on January 16, 2011 and the third, and presumably final, single from her third studio album Mayhem..
15/53	==DB== Inside Out.released 2009-11-11.lastAlbum Wonderfool.Inside Out (Dilana album).Inside Out is the second studio album by Rock Star: Supernova runner-up Dilana. It was released via digital distribution on November 17, 2009..comment Inside Out is the second studio album by Rock Star: Supernova runner-up Dilana. It was released via digital distribution on November 17, 2009..
16/53	==DB== Inside Out (Cam Clarke album).
17/53	==DB== Inside Out.Capricorn (CP 0122).lastAlbum Realization.nextAlbum Sunburst.Inside Out (Eddie Henderson album).Inside Out is an album by American jazz trumpeter Eddie Henderson recorded in 1973 and released on the Capricorn label..comment Inside Out is an album by American jazz trumpeter Eddie Henderson recorded in 1973 and released on the Capricorn label..
18/53	==DB== Inside Out.length 4688.0.lastAlbum Whisper Not.nextAlbum Up for It.Inside Out (Keith Jarrett album).Inside Out is a live album by American pianist Keith Jarrett's "Standards Trio" featuring Gary Peacock and Jack DeJohnette recorded in concert in July 2000 at the Royal Festival Hall at the Southbank Centre in London and released on the ECM label in 2001. It is the third album to feature mainly original improvised material by the trio following Changes (1983) and Changeless (1987)..comment Inside Out is a live album by American pianist Keith Jarrett's "Standards Trio" featuring Gary Peacock and Jack DeJohnette recorded in concert in July 2000 at the Royal Festival Hall at the Southbank Centre in London and released on the ECM label in 2001. It is the third album to feature mainly original improvised material by the trio following Changes (1983) and Changeless (1987)..
19/53	==DB== Inside Out (Scottish TV series).Inside Out was a short-lived Scottish children's television show, produced by Scottish Television (now STV Central) and broadcast each Saturday and Sunday afternoon, from August to December 2000. The show was also broadcast on neighbouring ITV station, Grampian Television (now STV North). The series was written and presented by David Sneddon. Sneddon went one to win the first series of the BBC's Fame Academy in 2002. He is now in 2012 a successful songwriter in London and has written music chart songs for artists such as Hurts, Morten Harket of A-ha, X Factor winner Matt Cardle, Newton Faulkner and number one selling American singer Lana Del Rey.His presenting partner on the show was the actress Christina Cochran, now known as Christina Strachan. The show consisted of on-location features, comedy and cartoons. Featured cartoons on the programme included Birdz, Mythic Warriors and Sherlock Holmes in the 22nd Century..comment Inside Out was a short-lived Scottish children's television show, produced by Scottish Television (now STV Central) and broadcast each Saturday and Sunday afternoon, from August to December 2000. The show was also broadcast on neighbouring ITV station, Grampian Television (now STV North). Featured cartoons on the programme included Birdz, Mythic Warriors and Sherlock Holmes in the 22nd Century..
20/53	==DB== Inside Out.lastAlbum Images.nextAlbum Concrete Jungle.Inside Out (Dive album).Inside Out is a compilation album by Dive, released by Danish label Hard Records. It was released on vinyl only in 1,000 numbered copies..comment Inside Out is a compilation album by Dive, released by Danish label Hard Records. It was released on vinyl only in 1,000 numbered copies..
21/53	==DB== Inside Out (Ann M. Martin book).
22/53	==DB== Inside Out (Catherine album).
23/53	==DB== Inside Out.writer Robert Taicher and Kevin Bartelme.Inside Out (1986 film).Inside Out is a 1986 American drama film directed by Robert Taicher, written by Robert Taicher and Kevin Bartelme and starring Elliott Gould, Howard Hesseman and Jennifer Tilly..comment Inside Out is a 1986 American drama film directed by Robert Taicher, written by Robert Taicher and Kevin Bartelme and starring Elliott Gould, Howard Hesseman and Jennifer Tilly..
24/53	==DB== Inside Out.length 2635.0.lastAlbum Triumph.nextAlbum Family Affair.Inside Out (Philip Bailey album).Inside Out is a 1986 album by Philip Bailey which was released on the Columbia Records label. A music video for the single "State of the Heart" was released in 1986 and it featured Kenny Gradney of Little Feat, Ricky Phillips of The Babys, Ralph Johnson of Earth, Wind & Fire and keyboardist Steven Ameche..comment Inside Out is a 1986 album by Philip Bailey which was released on the Columbia Records label. A music video for the single "State of the Heart" was released in 1986 and it featured Kenny Gradney of Little Feat, Ricky Phillips of The Babys, Ralph Johnson of Earth, Wind & Fire and keyboardist Steven Ameche..
25/53	==DB== Inside Out.yearsActive 1988.background group_or_band.origin Orange County, Southern California, U.S..pastMembers *Zack de la Rocha *Vic DiCara *Mark Hayworth *Chris Bratton *Alex Barreto *Sterling Wilson *Mike Down *Joey Piro *Mike Rosas.Inside Out (band).Inside Out was a hardcore punk band from Orange County, California. It was fronted by Zack de la Rocha, later of Rage Against the Machine..comment Inside Out was a hardcore punk band from Orange County, California. It was fronted by Zack de la Rocha, later of Rage Against the Machine..
26/53	==DB== Inside Out.producer Lori Lewis.producer Nancy Hirami.producer Todd Lewis.runtime 5580.0.starring Jency Griffin.Inside Out (2011 film).Inside Out is a 2011 crime-drama film directed by Artie Mandelberg. The film features professional wrestler Triple H (credited as Paul "Triple H" Levesque), Michael Rapaport, Parker Posey, Julie White, Michael Cudlitz and Bruce Dern. The project was the cinematic feature film debut for director Artie Mandelberg,. The film was released on September 9, 2011..comment Inside Out is a 2011 crime-drama film directed by Artie Mandelberg. The film features professional wrestler Triple H (credited as Paul "Triple H" Levesque), Michael Rapaport, Parker Posey, Julie White, Michael Cudlitz and Bruce Dern. The project was the cinematic feature film debut for director Artie Mandelberg,. The film was released on September 9, 2011..
27/53	==DB== Inside Out.producer Bill Metoyer.length 2912.0.released 1994-07-26.lastAlbum Parallels.nextAlbum Chasing Time.Inside Out (Fates Warning album).Inside Out is an album released in 1994 by Fates Warning. The album continues with the commercial sound that Parallels began, but was not received as well. It was the last to feature long-time members Frank Aresti and Joe DiBiase, who left after its release. Aresti would rejoin Fates Warning in 2005 and appeared on their 2013 album Darkness in a Different Light. DiBiase would return in 2010 for a number of shows, but did not officially rejoin. This album was re-released in 2006 in Germany as part of a 2-CD Set with the album Disconnected featuring bonus tracks..comment Inside Out is an album released in 1994 by Fates Warning. The album continues with the commercial sound that Parallels began, but was not received as well. It was the last to feature long-time members Frank Aresti and Joe DiBiase, who left after its release. Aresti would rejoin Fates Warning in 2005 and appeared on their 2013 album Darkness in a Different Light. DiBiase would return in 2010 for a number of shows, but did not officially rejoin. This album was re-released in 2006 in Germany as part of a 2-CD Set with the album Disconnected featuring bonus tracks..
28/53	==DB== Inside Out.producer Mark Wright, Trisha Yearwood.writer Bryan Adams, Gretchen Peters.length 283.0.length 214.0.artist Trisha Yearwood with Don Henley.lastSingle "Don't Give Up".lastSingle "I Would've Loved You Anyway".nextSingle "Here I Am".Inside Out (Bryan Adams song)."Inside Out" is a song by Canadian singer Bryan Adams from his 1998 album On a Day Like Today. It is also featured on his greatest hits album The Best of Me. On some versions of this album, the song "Don't Give Up" with Chicane was added as a ghost track right after "Inside Out". It was released as a single in 2000. The single included live versions of "Back to You" and "Rock Steady", recorded in South Africa, taken from the special edition release of "The Best Of Me". There is a music video of the single, with the cover model as a robot. She also appears in one of Adams' photography books. American country music artist Trisha Yearwood recorded the song as a duet with (Bryan Adams' Idol & big influence) Don Henley for her 2001 album of the same name. Yearwood's and Henley's version was a #31-peaking single on the U.S. country singles charts that year..comment "Inside Out" is a song by Canadian singer Bryan Adams from his 1998 album On a Day Like Today. It is also featured on his greatest hits album The Best of Me. On some versions of this album, the song "Don't Give Up" with Chicane was added as a ghost track right after "Inside Out". It was released as a single in 2000. The single included live versions of "Back to You" and "Rock Steady", recorded in South Africa, taken from the special edition release of "The Best Of Me". There is a music video of the single, with the cover model as a robot. She also appears in one of Adams' photography books..
29/53	==DB== Inside Out.length 2901.0.nextAlbum Sentimental Journey.Inside Out (Emmy Rossum album).Inside Out is the debut album by singer-actress Emmy Rossum, released on October 23, 2007. In the second week of its release the album entered the U.S. Billboard 200 at number 199. As of May 11, 2008, the album had sold 28,090 copies in the US. The cover and album photos were shot at Pier 54 in Santa Monica by photographer Brian Bowen Smith. Though the album only spent one week on the Billboard 200, it spent 55 weeks on the Billboard Top New Age Albums chart and 8 weeks on the Heatseekers chart. Lead single "Slow Me Down" missed the Billboard Hot 100, but spent 72 weeks on the New Age Digital Songs chart and 2 weeks on the Hot Canadian Digital Singles chart. Inside Out was the 7th best-selling New Age album and Emmy Rossum was the 4th best-selling New Age artist of 2008. Producer Stuart Brawley received a 2009 Juno award nomination for his work on the album..comment Inside Out is the debut album by singer-actress Emmy Rossum, released on October 23, 2007. In the second week of its release the album entered the U.S. Billboard 200 at number 199. As of May 11, 2008, the album had sold 28,090 copies in the US. The cover and album photos were shot at Pier 54 in Santa Monica by photographer Brian Bowen Smith. Though the album only spent one week on the Billboard 200, it spent 55 weeks on the Billboard Top New Age Albums chart and 8 weeks on the Heatseekers chart. Lead single "Slow Me Down" missed the Billboard Hot 100, but spent 72 weeks on the New Age Digital Songs chart and 2 weeks on the Hot Canadian Digital Singles chart. Inside Out was the 7th best-selling New Age album and Emmy Rossum was the 4th best-selling New Age artist of 2008..
30/53	==DB== Inside Out: A Personal History of Pink Floyd.Inside Out: A Personal History of Pink Floyd is Nick Mason's personal memoir of Pink Floyd, published on 7 October 2004 in the United Kingdom. Initially a hardback release, it has since appeared in at least two different paperback editions. The book marks the first time that a group member has written a recollection of his experiences of life in the band. Mason – the only member of the band to have been a part of it in all incarnations and line-ups – covers the Floyd's entire career, from the initial coming together and the Syd Barrett–led psychedelic era of the late 1960s through their success in the 1970s to the present day, via the acrimonious splits of the 1980s. As of 2005, a new paperback version was available, now including an updated section on the band's reunion at Live 8. A second paperback edition was released, mentioning the death of Barrett, in 2006. A third paperback edition was released in 2011, mentioning the death of keyboardist Rick Wright. There is also an abridged, three-CD audio version, read by Mason. Inside Out was featured in a Top Gear episode where Mason agreed to lend his Enzo Ferrari to the programme-makers in return for Inside Out's promotion. Jeremy Clarkson – well known as a big fan of Pink Floyd – gleefully took the plugging of the book to ludicrous heights..comment Inside Out: A Personal History of Pink Floyd is Nick Mason's personal memoir of Pink Floyd, published on 7 October 2004 in the United Kingdom. Initially a hardback release, it has since appeared in at least two different paperback editions. The book marks the first time that a group member has written a recollection of his experiences of life in the band. Mason – the only member of the band to have been a part of it in all incarnations and line-ups – covers the Floyd's entire career, from the initial coming together and the Syd Barrett–led psychedelic era of the late 1960s through their success in the 1970s to the present day, via the acrimonious splits of the 1980s..
31/53	==DB== Inside Out.lastAlbum Dinosaur Swamps.Inside Out (The Flock album).Inside Out (1975) is the third album by The Flock..comment Inside Out (1975) is the third album by The Flock..
32/53	==DB== Inside Out.length 4373.0.released 2012-11-27.lastAlbum Greatest Hits.nextAlbum What About Now.Inside Out (Bon Jovi album).Inside Out is the second live album by American rock band Bon Jovi, and was released on November 27, 2012. It includes songs from shows at O2 Arena, MetLife Stadium, and Madison Square Garden, recorded during the band's Lost Highway Tour in 2008 and the Circle Tour in 2010. The album was first shown at movie theaters, with screenings preceded by a question-and-answer session with Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, David Bryan and Tico Torres streamed live from a theater in New York, and was subsequently made available for purchase on iTunes..comment Inside Out is the second live album by American rock band Bon Jovi, and was released on November 27, 2012. It includes songs from shows at O2 Arena, MetLife Stadium, and Madison Square Garden, recorded during the band's Lost Highway Tour in 2008 and the Circle Tour in 2010. The album was first shown at movie theaters, with screenings preceded by a question-and-answer session with Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, David Bryan and Tico Torres streamed live from a theater in New York, and was subsequently made available for purchase on iTunes..
33/53	==DB== writer Steven S. DeKnight.title Inside Out.series Angel.season 4.airdate 2003-04-02.episode 17.guests *Julie Benz as Darla *Gina Torres as Jasmine *David Denman as Skip *Stephi Lineburg as Girl.Inside Out (Angel)."Inside Out" is episode 17 of season four in the television show Angel. Written and directed by Steven S. DeKnight, it was originally broadcast on April 2, 2003 on the WB network. Angel roughs up the demon guide Skip to find out why Cordelia has turned evil. Skip tells them a higher being has manipulated events over the past few years to cause itself to be reborn. Meanwhile, Cordelia convinces Connor to mystically expedite the birth using the blood of a virgin. Angel arrives in time to stop him, but hesitates, and Cordelia gives birth to a full grown woman..comment "Inside Out" is episode 17 of season four in the television show Angel. Written and directed by Steven S. DeKnight, it was originally broadcast on April 2, 2003 on the WB network. Angel roughs up the demon guide Skip to find out why Cordelia has turned evil. Skip tells them a higher being has manipulated events over the past few years to cause itself to be reborn. Meanwhile, Cordelia convinces Connor to mystically expedite the birth using the blood of a virgin. Angel arrives in time to stop him, but hesitates, and Cordelia gives birth to a full grown woman..
34/53	==DB== Inside Out.Dance Pool (481404 2), Sony.released 1995-06-03.nextAlbum Metamorphosis.Inside Out (Culture Beat album).Inside Out is the third studio album released by the German Eurodance group Culture Beat. The record was released in 1995, and there were four singles released from the album in total. The "Inside Out" album is also the last album to be released with the Jay Supreme & Tania Evans line up..comment Inside Out is the third studio album released by the German Eurodance group Culture Beat. The record was released in 1995, and there were four singles released from the album in total. The "Inside Out" album is also the last album to be released with the Jay Supreme & Tania Evans line up..
35/53	==DB== Inside Out.released 2015-07-03.cover Avalanche CIty, "Inside Out" single cover.jpg.Inside Out (Avalanche City song)."Inside Out" is single from New Zealand folk band Avalanche City. Released in 2015, the song reached number one in the Official New Zealand Music Chart and as of 20 September 2015 has charted for 13 weeks. The song is the only New Zealand song to make it to number one in 2015, in the New Zealand top 40 charts..comment "Inside Out" is single from New Zealand folk band Avalanche City. Released in 2015, the song reached number one in the Official New Zealand Music Chart and as of 20 September 2015 has charted for 13 weeks. The song is the only New Zealand song to make it to number one in 2015, in the New Zealand top 40 charts..
36/53	==DB== Inside Out.writer Shara Nelson, Kevin Armstrong.released 1994-08-29.format 12.0.lastSingle One Goodbye in Ten.nextSingle Uptight.Inside Out (Shara Nelson song)."Indie Out" is the third single from Shara Nelson's first solo album What Silence Knows. It was released in 1993 on Cooltempo Records. There was also a two CD set of a remix single "Inside Out/Down That Road [Remix]" released in 1994..comment "Indie Out" is the third single from Shara Nelson's first solo album What Silence Knows. It was released in 1993 on Cooltempo Records. There was also a two CD set of a remix single "Inside Out/Down That Road [Remix]" released in 1994..
37/53	==DB== Inside Out.writer Nosie Katzmann.writer Doug Laurent.length 355.0.length 235.0.released 1995-11-03.format CD maxi.lastSingle "World in Your Hands".nextSingle "Crying in the Rain".Inside Out (Culture Beat song)."Inside Out" is a song recorded by the German eurodance band Culture Beat. It was released in November 1995 as the first single from their third studio album Inside Out. As for other Culture Beat's singles, a CD maxi entirely composed of remixes was added among the available media a short time after. The song was a hit in most of the European countries where it was released, and peaked at number 5 in Germany, its highest position in the various charts..comment "Inside Out" is a song recorded by the German eurodance band Culture Beat. It was released in November 1995 as the first single from their third studio album Inside Out. As for other Culture Beat's singles, a CD maxi entirely composed of remixes was added among the available media a short time after. The song was a hit in most of the European countries where it was released, and peaked at number 5 in Germany, its highest position in the various charts..
38/53	==DB== Inside Out.CIMP (CIMP 120).length 3185.0.artist Joe McPhee and David Prentice.lastAlbum Legend Street Two.nextAlbum Finger Wrigglers.recorded --06-01.Inside Out (Joe McPhee album).Inside Out is an album by multi-instrumentalist and composer Joe McPhee with violinist David Prentice recorded in 1996 and first released on the CIMP label..comment Inside Out is an album by multi-instrumentalist and composer Joe McPhee with violinist David Prentice recorded in 1996 and first released on the CIMP label..
39/53	==DB== Inside Out (Charlie Major album).Inside Out is the sixth album released by Canadian country music singer Charlie Major. The album was written and produced entirely by Major. Among the tracks is his own rendition of "Backroads", a song which Major originally wrote for Ricky Van Shelton, who released it as a single from his 1991 album Backroads..comment Inside Out is the sixth album released by Canadian country music singer Charlie Major. The album was written and produced entirely by Major. Among the tracks is his own rendition of "Backroads", a song which Major originally wrote for Ricky Van Shelton, who released it as a single from his 1991 album Backroads..
40/53	==SS== With the inside surface turned to be on the outside.''I now realise that I have my shirt on '''inside out'''.'' 
41/53	==DB== Inside Out (Into a Circle song).
42/53	==DB== Inside Out.lastAlbum Eye of the Beholder.nextAlbum Beneath the Mask.Inside Out (Chick Corea album).Inside Out is an album by the Chick Corea Elektric Band, released in 1990 through the record label GRP. The album peaked at number six on Billboard's Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart..comment Inside Out is an album by the Chick Corea Elektric Band, released in 1990 through the record label GRP. The album peaked at number six on Billboard's Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart..
43/53	==DB== Inside Out.length 1978.0.released 1982-04-01.nextAlbum Somebody's Gonna Love You.Inside Out (Lee Greenwood album).Inside Out is the major studio album debut by American country music singer Lee Greenwood, released in 1982. It was certified Gold..comment Inside Out is the major studio album debut by American country music singer Lee Greenwood, released in 1982. It was certified Gold..
44/53	==DB== Inside Out.length 220.0.Inside Out (Vonray song)."Inside Out" is a song by Alternative Rock band Vonray. It is their only charting single..comment "Inside Out" is a song by Alternative Rock band Vonray. It is their only charting single..
45/53	==DB== Inside Out.type ep.Ignition Records.length 974.0.released 1999-01-19.lastAlbum Penikufesin.nextAlbum Summer 2003.Inside Out (Anthrax album).Inside Out is an EP released by heavy metal band Anthrax in 1999 by Ignition Records..comment Inside Out is an EP released by heavy metal band Anthrax in 1999 by Ignition Records..
46/53	==DB== Inside Out (Anthrax song).
47/53	==DB== 
48/53	==DB== Inside Out Toronto LGBT Film Festival.date --05-22.Inside Out Film and Video Festival.Inside Out is a non-profit registered charity that is dedicated to challenging attitudes and changing lives through the medium of queer cinema. The organization supports lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) audiences and filmmakers of all ages, races and abilities through the promotion, production and exhibition of LGBT film. The most high profile presentations are the annual Toronto LGBT Film Festival and Ottawa LGBT Film Festival, which collectively draw over 35 000 patrons a year. Inside Out also maintains a year-round presence with special events, community initiatives, school programs and a bi-monthly screening series at the TIFF Bell Lightbox. The organization's current executive director is Scott Ferguson. A sister festival was launched in Ottawa in 2007, known as the Inside Out Ottawa LGBT Film Festival..comment Inside Out is a non-profit registered charity that is dedicated to challenging attitudes and changing lives through the medium of queer cinema. The organization supports lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) audiences and filmmakers of all ages, races and abilities through the promotion, production and exhibition of LGBT film. The most high profile presentations are the annual Toronto LGBT Film Festival and Ottawa LGBT Film Festival, which collectively draw over 35 000 patrons a year. Inside Out also maintains a year-round presence with special events, community initiatives, school programs and a bi-monthly screening series at the TIFF Bell Lightbox..
49/53	==DB== Inside Out.Repertoire Records.length 3381.0.lastAlbum Edgar Broughton Band.nextAlbum Oora.Inside Out (Edgar Broughton Band album).Inside Out is the fourth album by psychedelic rock group, Edgar Broughton Band. The album was originally released as "Harvest SHTC 252" in July 1972. The 2004 CD reissue features 3 bonus tracks..comment Inside Out is the fourth album by psychedelic rock group, Edgar Broughton Band. The album was originally released as "Harvest SHTC 252" in July 1972. The 2004 CD reissue features 3 bonus tracks..
50/53	==DB== Inside Out Music.Inside Out Music.Inside Out Music is a German independent record label originally based in Kleve, North Rhine-Westphalia, and dedicated to the publication of progressive rock, progressive metal and related styles. In 2009, it formed a partnership with Century Media Records and moved its base of operations to Dortmund, also in North Rhine-Westphalia..comment Inside Out Music is a German independent record label originally based in Kleve, North Rhine-Westphalia, and dedicated to the publication of progressive rock, progressive metal and related styles. In 2009, it formed a partnership with Century Media Records and moved its base of operations to Dortmund, also in North Rhine-Westphalia..
51/53	==DB== Inside Out (musical).Inside Out, earlier known as Roleplay, was an American musical which tells a story of a six-person support group. It was co-written by Adryan Russ and Doug Haverty..comment Inside Out, earlier known as Roleplay, was an American musical which tells a story of a six-person support group. It was co-written by Adryan Russ and Doug Haverty..
52/53	==DB== Inside Out.length 2769.0.released 2006-11-07.nextAlbum Identity.Inside Out (Robert Pierre album).Inside Out is the first studio album by Robert Pierre released on November 7, 2006..comment Inside Out is the first studio album by Robert Pierre released on November 7, 2006..
53/53	==DB== Inside Out.released 2015-09-18.Inside Out (XXI album).Inside Out is the first studio album by the band XXI. The album was released on September 18, 2015, by Tooth & Nail Records..comment Inside Out is the first studio album by the band XXI. The album was released on September 18, 2015, by Tooth & Nail Records..
===169	jump up	10
1/10	==DB== Jump Up.producer Supercar.length 3094.0.released 1999-03-10.lastAlbum Three Out Change.nextAlbum Futurama.Jump Up (Supercar album).Jump Up is the second album by the Japanese indie rock band Supercar. It was released on March 10, 1999 and it peaked into the 12th place of the Oricon Albums Chart..comment Jump Up is the second album by the Japanese indie rock band Supercar. It was released on March 10, 1999 and it peaked into the 12th place of the Oricon Albums Chart..
2/10	==DB== Jump Up.released 2009-02-11.lastAlbum Colorful Sensibility.nextAlbum Cross & Change.Jump Up (EP).Jump Up is the first EP by South Korean band F.T. Island, released on February 11, 2009. A music video was shot for the title track, "Bad Woman", already with the band's new guitarist, Song Seung-hyun..comment Jump Up is the first EP by South Korean band F.T. Island, released on February 11, 2009. A music video was shot for the title track, "Bad Woman", already with the band's new guitarist, Song Seung-hyun..
3/10	==SS== To move from one position to a higher position by one jump.''I '''jumped up''' onto the top of the wall.'' 
4/10	==DB== Jump Up.length 2450.0.released 2006-07-21.nextAlbum Close Up.Jump Up – 9492.Jump Up – 9492 is Joey Yung's fourth Mandarin album. The number 9492 (pinyin: jiǔ sì jiǔ èr) is a phonetic pun on the phrase "This is Joey" (Chinese: 就是祖兒; pinyin: jiù shì zǔ ér)..comment Jump Up – 9492 is Joey Yung's fourth Mandarin album. The number 9492 (pinyin: jiǔ sì jiǔ èr) is a phonetic pun on the phrase "This is Joey" (Chinese: 就是祖兒; pinyin: jiù shì zǔ ér)..
5/10	==DB== JumpUP!.released 2013-03-06.lastAlbum OH! YEAH! PARTY!!.Jump Up! (Pe'z album).JumpUP! had a limited time offer through December 1, 2012 until January 31, 2013 to download the album for free on PE'Z Promotion site Realive PE'Z..comment JumpUP! had a limited time offer through December 1, 2012 until January 31, 2013 to download the album for free on PE'Z Promotion site Realive PE'Z..
6/10	==DB== Jump Up Calypso.RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2388.length 2454.0.lastAlbum Swing Dat Hammer.nextAlbum ''Midnight Special.Jump Up Calypso.Jump Up Calypso is an album by Harry Belafonte, originally released by RCA Victor in 1961. It reached number 3 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts. Backing musicians include The Trinidad Steel Band..comment Jump Up Calypso is an album by Harry Belafonte, originally released by RCA Victor in 1961. It reached number 3 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts. Backing musicians include The Trinidad Steel Band..
7/10	==DB== Jump Up Tour.In the spring of 1982 Elton John set out on tour to promote his latest album Jump Up!. The tour started in New Zealand and moved on to Australia. This was the first time Elton had performed in Australia since 1979. The tour then moved on to Europe and then North America before returning to the UK to end the tour that closed with sixteen consecutive performances at the Hammersmith Odeon in London..comment In the spring of 1982 Elton John set out on tour to promote his latest album Jump Up!. The tour started in New Zealand and moved on to Australia. This was the first time Elton had performed in Australia since 1979. The tour then moved on to Europe and then North America before returning to the UK to end the tour that closed with sixteen consecutive performances at the Hammersmith Odeon in London..
8/10	==DB== Jump Up Jump Down Live.released 2000-04-17.lastAlbum We Four Girls Are Here To Stay!.Jump Up Jump Down Live.Jump Up Jump Down Live is a Live VHS released by B*Witched in 2000. It was recorded during their 2000 Jump Up Jump Down Tour, which supported both of their albums. It also contained the Jump Down music video as bonus material..comment Jump Up Jump Down Live is a Live VHS released by B*Witched in 2000. It was recorded during their 2000 Jump Up Jump Down Tour, which supported both of their albums. It also contained the Jump Down music video as bonus material..
9/10	==DB== Jump Up!.length 2551.0.released 1982-04-09.lastAlbum The Fox.nextAlbum Too Low for Zero.recorded 1981.Jump Up! (Elton John album).Jump Up! is the sixteenth official album release by Elton John. It was released in 1982 by The Rocket Record Company except in the US and Canada, where it was released by Geffen Records..comment Jump Up! is the sixteenth official album release by Elton John. It was released in 1982 by The Rocket Record Company except in the US and Canada, where it was released by Geffen Records..
10/10	==DB== Johnny Jump Up (disambiguation).
===170	knock about	5
1/5	==SS== }} To spend time companionably; to hang around.''I used to '''knock about''' with John when we were younger.'' ''John and I used to '''knock about''' when we were younger.'' 
2/5	==DB== Knockabout.runtime 5520.0.starring *.gross HK $2,830,519.80.Knockabout (film).(For other uses, see Knockabout (disambiguation).) Knockabout (Chinese:雜家小子; Za jia xiao zi) is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts comedy film starring Yuen Biao and directed by Sammo Hung, who also co-stars in the film..comment (For other uses, see Knockabout (disambiguation).) Knockabout (Chinese:雜家小子; Za jia xiao zi) is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts comedy film starring Yuen Biao and directed by Sammo Hung, who also co-stars in the film..
3/5	==DB== Knockabout Comics.foundation 1975.Knockabout Comics.Knockabout Comics is a UK publisher and distributor of underground and alternative books and comics..comment Knockabout Comics is a UK publisher and distributor of underground and alternative books and comics..
4/5	==SS== An informal game involving physical activity, usually football.
5/5	==DB== Cape Cod Knockabout.A Cape Cod Knockabout, or Knockabout, is a one-design class of 18-foot (5 m) sail boat sailed primarily out of Upper Cape harbors in Massachusetts, United States. Knockabouts were designed by Charles S. Gurney and were popular in the 1940s and well into the 1970s with fleets of 50-60 boats at the annual regatta of the Knockabout Class. There are still active racing fleets in Megansett (North Falmouth), Waquoit (East Falmouth),Lewis Bay (Yarmouth), and Woods Hole (Falmouth). There is also a small racing fleet at the Split Rock Yacht Club in Essex, New York, on Lake Champlain. There are many, many knockabouts throughout Southern New England that are still used for pleasure sailing. The Town of Yarmouth Recreation Dept. owns and runs the Lewis Bay fleet where most of their 15 boats are used for sail training. Hundreds of sailors of all ages have gone through the Yarmouth program using the knockabout to learn on. Yarmouth also maintains a select group of their knockabouts for their racing program. Thirteen to sixteen Knockabouts race in Woods Hole Harbor every Wednesday, with a ladies race on Thursday,and a Spinnaker race on Sunday afternoons. The Cape Cod Knockabout Association holds an annual regatta each summer which is held at one of the above four Cape Cod locations on a rotating basis. Nearly 20 boats attend this regatta each year. Local fleets are generally increasing their numbers. Cape Cod Ship Building in Wareham manufactures the boat..comment A Cape Cod Knockabout, or Knockabout, is a one-design class of 18-foot (5 m) sail boat sailed primarily out of Upper Cape harbors in Massachusetts, United States. Knockabouts were designed by Charles S. Gurney and were popular in the 1940s and well into the 1970s with fleets of 50-60 boats at the annual regatta of the Knockabout Class. There are still active racing fleets in Megansett (North Falmouth), Waquoit (East Falmouth),Lewis Bay (Yarmouth), and Woods Hole (Falmouth). There is also a small racing fleet at the Split Rock Yacht Club in Essex, New York, on Lake Champlain. There are many, many knockabouts throughout Southern New England that are still used for pleasure sailing. The Town of Yarmouth Recreation Dept. owns and runs the Lewis Bay fleet where most of their 15 boats are used f.
===171	knock out	22
1/22	==DB== Twins.Knockout.length 202.0.length 201.0.length 1242.0.released 2003-04-21.released 2005-11-08.recorded 2003.format 12.0.bSide "Take Me Home".nextSingle "Show Me Your Love".nextSingle "Give Me a Reason".Knockout (Triple 8 song)."Knockout" is a song recorded by the British pop/rock group Triple 8 in 2003. It was released as a single on 21 April 2003 in the United Kingdom. The single debuted at a peak position of number 8 in the UK Singles Chart..comment "Knockout" is a song recorded by the British pop/rock group Triple 8 in 2003. It was released as a single on 21 April 2003 in the United Kingdom. The single debuted at a peak position of number 8 in the UK Singles Chart..
2/22	==SS== To strike or bump (someone or something) out.{{ux|en|I accidentally '''knocked out''' the glass in my picture frame.}} 
3/22	==DB== TNA Knockout.Knockout is a term used by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) to refer to its female talent. The term is applied universally to wrestlers, backstage interviewers, and managers/valets..comment Knockout is a term used by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) to refer to its female talent. The term is applied universally to wrestlers, backstage interviewers, and managers/valets..
4/22	==DB== Knockout (literary magazine).Knockout Literary Magazine is a bi-annual literary magazine published in Minneapolis, Minnesota, since 2007. Financed by its two editors, Jeremy Halinen and Brett Ortler, it is known for the wide range of styles it publishes, its nearly 50/50 mix of LGBT and straight writers, and its dedication to social causes..comment Knockout Literary Magazine is a bi-annual literary magazine published in Minneapolis, Minnesota, since 2007. Financed by its two editors, Jeremy Halinen and Brett Ortler, it is known for the wide range of styles it publishes, its nearly 50/50 mix of LGBT and straight writers, and its dedication to social causes..
5/22	==DB== Knockout (board game).Knockout was a board game manufactured by Milton Bradley in 1980s and again by Hasbro in the 1990s. The game itself is similar to Don't Break the Ice. Before the game begins, a wall of 24 bricks (plus one "Knockout" brick) is constructed. A template is provided to assist where the bricks should be placed in the wall. These bricks can be 1, 2, or, 3 blocks wide. The bricks are made of clear colored plastic. The 25th brick, also known as the "Knockout" brick (colored solid black in the Milton Bradley version and solid blue in the Hasbro version) is three blocks wide, and is placed on the top of the wall, directly in the middle. The template shows exactly where to place this brick as well. Players first must roll a special die that has four colors on it and two stars. If a color is rolled, the player must knock out a brick of that color, out of the wall. If the player rolls a star, the player may knock out any brick they wish (with a few exceptions, see below). Players take turns using a motorized hammer known as the "Rammer Hammer", in an attempt to knock out the specified brick out of the wall, without making the wall collapse, OR making the "Knockout" brick fall off the wall. If a player is successful in knocking out the brick, without the wall collapsing, or the "Knockout" brick falling off the wall, they must put the brick back, on the top of the wall. Each player thereafter must accomplish the same task. The rules for hammering are:  *  A player cannot touch the wall in any way, except with the hammer  *  Once you begin to hammer a brick out of the wall, a player cannot change their mind, even if it becomes obvious that hammering the brick any further will make the wall collapse.  *  A player cannot hammer any brick on the same row or a row higher than the "Knockout" brick A player is allowed an attempt to make the wall more stable by using the hammer to stabilize the wall before they commit to hammering out a brick, but once a player starts to hammer a brick out of the wall, they can not change their mind. If at any time during a player's turn, the wall collapses, or the "Knockout" brick falls off the wall, that player is eliminated from the game, the wall is rebuilt, and play starts again with the next player in line. If only one player remains, they win the game..comment Knockout was a board game manufactured by Milton Bradley in 1980s and again by Hasbro in the 1990s. The game itself is similar to Don't Break the Ice. Before the game begins, a wall of 24 bricks (plus one "Knockout" brick) is constructed. A template is provided to assist where the bricks should be placed in the wall. These bricks can be 1, 2, or, 3 blocks wide. The bricks are made of clear colored plastic. The 25th brick, also known as the "Knockout" brick (colored solid black in the Milton Bradley version and solid blue in the Hasbro version) is three blocks wide, and is placed on the top of the wall, directly in the middle. The template shows exactly where to place this brick as well..
6/22	==DB== characterName Knockout.Knockout (DC Comics).Knockout is a fictional character, a supervillainess in the DC Comics universe. She first appeared in Superboy (vol. 4) #1 (February 1994), and was created by Karl Kesel and Tom Grummett..comment Knockout is a fictional character, a supervillainess in the DC Comics universe. She first appeared in Superboy (vol. 4) #1 (February 1994), and was created by Karl Kesel and Tom Grummett..
7/22	==DB== title Knockout.Knockout (UK comics).Knockout may refer to one of two British comics..comment Knockout may refer to one of two British comics..
8/22	==DB== Knockout tournament.
9/22	==DB== Knockout.status Active.latestReleaseVersion 3.4.latestReleaseDate 2015-11-17.size 58.released 2010-07-05.Knockout (web framework).Knockout is a standalone JavaScript implementation of the Model-View-ViewModel pattern with templates. The underlying principles are therefore:  *  a clear separation between domain data, view components and data to be displayed  *  the presence of a clearly defined layer of specialized code to manage the relationships between the view components The latter leverages the native event management features of the JavaScript language. These features streamline and simplify the specification of complex relationships between view components, which in turn make the display more responsive and the user experience richer. Knockout was developed and is maintained as an open source project by Steve Sanderson, a Microsoft employee. As the author said, "it continues exactly as-is, and will evolve in whatever direction I and its user community wishes to take it", and stressed, "this isn’t a Microsoft product"..comment Knockout is a standalone JavaScript implementation of the Model-View-ViewModel pattern with templates. The underlying principles are therefore:  *  a clear separation between domain data, view components and data to be displayed  *  the presence of a clearly defined layer of specialized code to manage the relationships between the view components The latter leverages the native event management features of the JavaScript language..
10/22	==DB== Knockout.A knockout (abbreviated to KO or K.O.) is a fight-ending, winning criterion in several full-contact combat sports, such as boxing, kickboxing, muay thai, mixed martial arts, karate, some forms of taekwondo and other sports involving striking. A full knockout is considered any legal strike or combination thereof that renders an opponent unable to continue fighting. The term is often associated with a sudden traumatic loss of consciousness caused by a physical blow. Single powerful blows to the head (particularly the jawline and temple) can produce a cerebral concussion or a carotid sinus reflex with syncope and cause a sudden, dramatic KO. Body blows, particularly the liver punch, can cause progressive, debilitating pain that can also result in a KO. In boxing and kickboxing, a knockout is usually awarded when one participant falls to the canvas and is unable to rise to their feet within a specified period of time, typically because of exhaustion, pain, disorientation, or unconsciousness. For example, if a boxer is knocked down and is unable to continue the fight within a ten-second count, they are counted as having been knocked out and their opponent is awarded the KO victory. In mixed martial arts (MMA) competitions, no time count is given after a knockdown, as the sport allows submission grappling as well as ground and pound. If a fighter loses consciousness ("goes limp") as a result of legal strikes it is declared a KO. Even if the fighter loses consciousness for a brief moment and wakes up again to continue to fight, the fight is stopped and declared a KO. As many MMA fights can take place on the mat rather than standing, it is possible to score a KO via ground and pound, a common victory for grapplers..comment A knockout (abbreviated to KO or K.O.) is a fight-ending, winning criterion in several full-contact combat sports, such as boxing, kickboxing, muay thai, mixed martial arts, karate, some forms of taekwondo and other sports involving striking. A full knockout is considered any legal strike or combination thereof that renders an opponent unable to continue fighting..
11/22	==DB== Knockout.director Hans H. Zerlett.producer Anny Ondra.producer Carl Lamac.writer Hans H. Zerlett.distributor Bavaria Film.starring Max Schmeling.starring Hans Schönrath.cinematography Ludwig Zahn.cinematography Gustl A. Weiss.released 1935-03-01.Knockout (1935 film).Knockout is a 1935 German sports film directed by Carl Lamac and Hans H. Zerlett and starring Anny Ondra, Max Schmeling and Hans Schönrath. After impressing a boxing trainer during a brawl over a woman, a young man is recruited and trained to be a boxer. He fights and defeats the British champion. Schmeling was a leading international boxer and the film was an attempt to capitalize on his fame. Schmeling and Ondra, who plays the romantic love interest, were married in real life. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Wilhelm Depenau and Erich Zander..comment Knockout is a 1935 German sports film directed by Carl Lamac and Hans H. Zerlett and starring Anny Ondra, Max Schmeling and Hans Schönrath. After impressing a boxing trainer during a brawl over a woman, a young man is recruited and trained to be a boxer. He fights and defeats the British champion. Schmeling was a leading international boxer and the film was an attempt to capitalize on his fame. Schmeling and Ondra, who plays the romantic love interest, were married in real life. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Wilhelm Depenau and Erich Zander..
12/22	==DB== Knockout punch.A knockout punch, also known as a chassis punch, panel punch, Greenlee punch, or a Q-max, is a hand tool used to punch a hole through sheet metal. It is a very simple tool that consists of a punch, die, and screw. There are three different drive systems: manual, ratchet, and hydraulic..comment A knockout punch, also known as a chassis punch, panel punch, Greenlee punch, or a Q-max, is a hand tool used to punch a hole through sheet metal. It is a very simple tool that consists of a punch, die, and screw. There are three different drive systems: manual, ratchet, and hydraulic..
13/22	==DB== Knockout.runtime 91.budget 1000000.0.Knockout (2011 film).Knockout (also called Born to Fight) is a 2011 Canadian-American sports drama film directed by Anne Wheeler. The film stars Steve Austin, and Daniel Magder..comment Knockout (also called Born to Fight) is a 2011 Canadian-American sports drama film directed by Anne Wheeler. The film stars Steve Austin, and Daniel Magder..
14/22	==DB== Knockouts.foundation 2002.Knockouts.Knockouts and Knockouts Haircuts for Men are the trade names of a privately held American salon chain (international as of early 2011), Knockouts LLC, based in Irving, Texas. Knockouts are full-service grooming salons with a boxing (and mixed martial arts)/sex appeal theme targeting men seeking an alternative to the cut-rate chain salons. The Today Show (NBC TV), The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch (CNBC) and other media have compared Knockouts to Hooters restaurants for the sex appeal/entertainment angle used to engage customers, labeling Knockouts “the Hooters of Haircutting.” The salons have a gym/warehouse-like decor with faux boxing ring posts and ropes and a brick wall helping to define the space, as well as boxing photos and memorabilia on the walls. There are flat-screen televisions at each grooming station and in the waiting area. These are usually tuned to sports programs, but are individually controlled by the customer. Knockouts employs an attractive all-female staff of licensed hair stylists and massage therapists. The services include haircuts, hair coloring, waxing, manicures, pedicures, and six types of massage therapy. Grooming products are also available for purchase. Some locations also offer hair replacement and facial shaves. Knockouts salons provide a free beverage to customers while they wait, including water, sports drinks and beer (where legally permitted). Knockouts has sold over 500 franchised salons in 29 states..comment Knockouts and Knockouts Haircuts for Men are the trade names of a privately held American salon chain (international as of early 2011), Knockouts LLC, based in Irving, Texas. Knockouts are full-service grooming salons with a boxing (and mixed martial arts)/sex appeal theme targeting men seeking an alternative to the cut-rate chain salons. The Today Show (NBC TV), The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch (CNBC) and other media have compared Knockouts to Hooters restaurants for the sex appeal/entertainment angle used to engage customers, labeling Knockouts “the Hooters of Haircutting.” The salons have a gym/warehouse-like decor with faux boxing ring posts and ropes and a brick wall helping to define the space, as well as boxing photos and memorabilia on the walls. There are flat-screen televisions at.
15/22	==DB== Knockout mouse.A knockout mouse or knock-out mouse is a genetically modified mouse (Mus musculus) in which researchers have inactivated, or "knocked out", an existing gene by replacing it or disrupting it with an artificial piece of DNA. They are important animal models for studying the role of genes which have been sequenced but whose functions have not been determined. By causing a specific gene to be inactive in the mouse, and observing any differences from normal behaviour or physiology, researchers can infer its probable function. Mice are currently the laboratory animal species most closely related to humans for which the knockout technique can easily be applied. They are widely used in knockout experiments, especially those investigating genetic questions that relate to human physiology. Gene knockout in rats is much harder and has only been possible since 2003. The first recorded knockout mouse was created by Mario R. Capecchi, Martin Evans, and Oliver Smithies in 1989, for which they were awarded the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. Aspects of the technology for generating knockout mice, and the mice themselves have been patented in many countries by private companies..comment A knockout mouse or knock-out mouse is a genetically modified mouse (Mus musculus) in which researchers have inactivated, or "knocked out", an existing gene by replacing it or disrupting it with an artificial piece of DNA. They are important animal models for studying the role of genes which have been sequenced but whose functions have not been determined. By causing a specific gene to be inactive in the mouse, and observing any differences from normal behaviour or physiology, researchers can infer its probable function..
16/22	==DB== runtime 1500.0.creator Mark Maxwell-Smith.related Odd One Out.showName Knockout.themeMusicComposer Hal Hidey.firstAired 1977-10-03.lastAired 1978-04-21.Knockout (game show).Knockout is an NBC game show that aired from October 3, 1977 to April 21, 1978. A Ralph Edwards production, it was hosted by Arte Johnson, with announcing duties handled first by Jay Stewart and later by John Harlan. Unlike most game shows, Knockout did not begin with the announcer making the customary introduction of the show and host; instead, Johnson would make an ad-libbed remark while already standing on the set, then ask the announcer to introduce the day's first three contestants..comment Knockout is an NBC game show that aired from October 3, 1977 to April 21, 1978. A Ralph Edwards production, it was hosted by Arte Johnson, with announcing duties handled first by Jay Stewart and later by John Harlan. Unlike most game shows, Knockout did not begin with the announcer making the customary introduction of the show and host; instead, Johnson would make an ad-libbed remark while already standing on the set, then ask the announcer to introduce the day's first three contestants..
17/22	==DB== Knockout.*.length 249.0.released 2010-02-02.artist Lil Wayne featuring Nicki Minaj.Knockout (Lil Wayne song)."Knockout" is a song by Lil Wayne from his album Rebirth. It features Nicki Minaj rapping near the end of the song and singing the chorus. The song debuted at forty-four on the US Billboard Hot 100 due to strong digital sales with the album's release. This song revolves around Lil Wayne's personal relationships with a diverse group of women. This song, with many Blink 182-esque qualities was written "ironically," according to Wayne. The song received generally negative reviews from critics, most of which stated that the song was better meant for other rock artists and Wayne does not have a place in the song. Most critics also gave Minaj a negative review in the song stating that the song went by too fast for her to deliver a worthy verse. As of October 2010 the song sold 519,000 digital copies according to Nielsen SoundScan..comment "Knockout" is a song by Lil Wayne from his album Rebirth. It features Nicki Minaj rapping near the end of the song and singing the chorus. The song debuted at forty-four on the US Billboard Hot 100 due to strong digital sales with the album's release. This song revolves around Lil Wayne's personal relationships with a diverse group of women. This song, with many Blink 182-esque qualities was written "ironically," according to Wayne. As of October 2010 the song sold 519,000 digital copies according to Nielsen SoundScan..
18/22	==DB== founded 2001.Knockout Entertainment.Knockout Entertainment is singer Ray J's vanity label, founded in 2001. The label specializes in R&B, hip hop, and gospel. Originally released under Sanctuary Records, a press release in December 2007 announced a new partnership with E1 Records. Before this, he as mentioned his label on his 2001 album This Ain't A Game. The label's debut, Ray J's Raydiation album—released September 2005—included the top twenty hit "One Wish" and went on to sell 1 million copies worldwide. Other releases include Willie Norwood's gospel album titled I Believe, which was not released in conjunction with any other label, and was only available as a digital download or through CD Baby and top-twenty albums Ray J's All I Feel and sister Brandy's Human..comment Knockout Entertainment is singer Ray J's vanity label, founded in 2001. The label specializes in R&B, hip hop, and gospel. Originally released under Sanctuary Records, a press release in December 2007 announced a new partnership with E1 Records. Before this, he as mentioned his label on his 2001 album This Ain't A Game..
19/22	==DB== Knockout (game).
20/22	==DB== Knockout moss.A knockout moss is a moss plant in which one or more specific genes are deleted or inactivated ("knocked out") by gene targeting. After deletion of a gene, the knockout moss has lost the trait encoded by this gene. Thus, the function of this gene can be inferred. This scientific approach is called reverse genetics as the scientist wants to unravel the function of a specific gene. In classical genetics the scientist starts with a phenotype of interest and searches for the gene that causes this phenotype. Knockout mosses are relevant for basic research in biology as well as in biotechnology..comment A knockout moss is a moss plant in which one or more specific genes are deleted or inactivated ("knocked out") by gene targeting. After deletion of a gene, the knockout moss has lost the trait encoded by this gene. Thus, the function of this gene can be inferred. This scientific approach is called reverse genetics as the scientist wants to unravel the function of a specific gene. In classical genetics the scientist starts with a phenotype of interest and searches for the gene that causes this phenotype. Knockout mosses are relevant for basic research in biology as well as in biotechnology..
21/22	==DB== Knockout game.The "knockout game" is one of the names given in the United States by news media and others to assaults in which one person (with others acting as accomplices or lookouts) attempt to "knock out", with a single sucker punch, an unsuspecting victim. Other names given to assaults of this type include "knockout", "knockout king", "point 'em out, knock 'em out", "bomb", and "polar-bearing" or "polar-bear hunting" (allegedly called such when the victim is white). Serious injuries and even deaths have been attributed to the "knockout game". Some news sources report that there was an escalation of such attacks in late 2013, and, in some cases, the attacker was charged with a hate crime. Some politicians have been seeking legislation against it. Other media analysts have cast doubt on the reportedly widespread nature of the game and have labeled the trend, although not the attacks themselves, a myth. Liberal analysts claim that conservatives falsely promote a view that the "knockout game" trend is real, which liberals claim has not been empirically established. Conservative analysts claim that the liberal media refuses to report this trend for political reasons, i.e. due to the game's racial implications..comment The "knockout game" is one of the names given in the United States by news media and others to assaults in which one person (with others acting as accomplices or lookouts) attempt to "knock out", with a single sucker punch, an unsuspecting victim. Other names given to assaults of this type include "knockout", "knockout king", "point 'em out, knock 'em out", "bomb", and "polar-bearing" or "polar-bear hunting" (allegedly called such when the victim is white)..
22/22	==DB== Gene knockout.A gene knockout (abbreviation: KO) is a genetic technique in which one of an organism's genes is made inoperative ("knocked out" of the organism). Also known as knockout organisms or simply knockouts, they are used in learning about a gene that has been sequenced, but which has an unknown or incompletely known function. Researchers draw inferences from the difference between the knockout organism and normal individuals. The term also refers to the process of creating such an organism, as in "knocking out" a gene. The technique is essentially the opposite of a gene knockin. Knocking out two genes simultaneously in an organism is known as a double knockout (DKO). Similarly the terms triple knockout (TKO) and quadruple knockouts (QKO) are used to describe three or four knocked out genes, respectively..comment A gene knockout (abbreviation: KO) is a genetic technique in which one of an organism's genes is made inoperative ("knocked out" of the organism). Also known as knockout organisms or simply knockouts, they are used in learning about a gene that has been sequenced, but which has an unknown or incompletely known function. Researchers draw inferences from the difference between the knockout organism and normal individuals..
===172	lay out	12
1/12	==DB== Model railroad layout.In model railroading, a layout is a diorama containing scale track for operating trains. The size of a layout varies, from small shelf-top designs to ones that fill entire rooms, basements, or whole buildings. Attention to modeling details such as structures and scenery is common. Simple layouts are generally situated on a table, although other methods are used, including doors. More permanent construction methods involve attaching benchwork framing to the walls of the room or building in which the layout is situated..comment In model railroading, a layout is a diorama containing scale track for operating trains. The size of a layout varies, from small shelf-top designs to ones that fill entire rooms, basements, or whole buildings. Attention to modeling details such as structures and scenery is common. Simple layouts are generally situated on a table, although other methods are used, including doors. More permanent construction methods involve attaching benchwork framing to the walls of the room or building in which the layout is situated..
2/12	==DB== Product layout.In manufacturing engineering, a product layout refers to a production system where the work stations and equipment are located along the line of production, as with assembly lines. Usually, work units are moved along a line (not necessarily a geometric line, but a set of interconnected work stations) by a conveyor. Work is done in small amounts at each of the work stations on the line. To use the product layout, the total work to be performed must be dividable into small tasks that can be assigned to each of the workstations. Because the work stations each do small amounts of work, the stations utilize specific techniques and equipment tailored to the individual job they are assigned. This can lead to a higher rate of production..comment In manufacturing engineering, a product layout refers to a production system where the work stations and equipment are located along the line of production, as with assembly lines. Usually, work units are moved along a line (not necessarily a geometric line, but a set of interconnected work stations) by a conveyor. Work is done in small amounts at each of the work stations on the line. To use the product layout, the total work to be performed must be dividable into small tasks that can be assigned to each of the workstations..
3/12	==DB== 
4/12	==DB== Comprehensive layout.In graphic design and advertising, a comprehensive layout or comprehensive, usually shortened to comp, is the page layout of a proposed design as initially presented by the designer to a client, showing the relative positions of text and illustrations before the final content of those elements has been decided upon. The comp thus serves as a draft of the final layout, and (if approved) is used as guide for further design changes and, ultimately, production. Traditionally, the four stages of an illustration or other commercial art creation (e.g., advertisement) are:  *  Sketch — the initial idea roughly "sketched out" in order to quickly transfer the idea on to a physical substrate  *  Layout — the idea laid out in relative position for further development  *  Comp — the idea created in such a way as to closely mimic the final creation, usually as a step toward approval by decision-makers  *  Finish — the idea rendered in the appropriate medium for sale, display, or reproduction For traditional media (such as paint), the division between layout and comp is more clear-cut than for computer-generated art. For traditional media, the distinction between layout and comp is typically one of refinement and presentation. Layouts and comps are often done on different substrates because of this (e.g., tracing paper for a layout vs. calendered bond paper or illustration board for a comp). In this case, a layout done on tracing paper could be laid over other media (e.g., a photo) to see how it would eventually appear after finish render, and to ascertain overall feasibility, and the comp could be done on opaque bond paper or illustration board as a presentation piece for a client's approval. With computer-generated art, the distinction between layout and comp has become blurred. Since computer-generated art can evolve as one file over time, finely segmented milestones in the development process have less meaning. With computer-generated art, even the sketch stage is often skipped. This has led to a two-stage process; comp and finish. The definitions of each milestone are roughly the same as with traditional media. Even in the age of rapid desktop publishing software, comps may be developed using hand-rendering techniques and materials to avoid investing too much time on the computer before client approval of the idea, depending on the complexity of the production task. If there is any three-dimensionality to the design (for example, the design is of a box or of a two sided piece) a "physical comp" is preferred to a computerized sketch because fundamental physical relationships (for example, position and show-through of die-cuts, or inadvertently designing Möbius strips) can be missed in a two-dimensional sketch. A hand-rendered comp may be useful in helping the client refrain from "nitpicking" the production quality and focus on the design idea. In the overall creation process there is also a distinction between finish render and final render. Finish rendering refers to the process, and final rendering refers to the schedule. The first finish rendering may not be the final rendering; the first finish rendering could be the first of many renderings, with each subsequent finish rendering needing refinement before the final version is created. The illustration element may incorporate stock photography, clip art, or other found material that gives an idea of what should be visually communicated, before entering any negotiations concerning the rights to use a specific image for the purpose. Picture agencies may encourage such use free of charge, in the hope that the comp image (sometimes referred to as a "positional" image) will end up being used in the final product. For this reason, it is sometimes mistakenly believed that "comp" is short for "complimentary," as it is in some other promotional contexts. The word "comp" can also be used as a verb. For example, an artist may "comp something up"; that is, they will create a comp. "Comp" may also stand for "composition" or "composite layout"..comment In graphic design and advertising, a comprehensive layout or comprehensive, usually shortened to comp, is the page layout of a proposed design as initially presented by the designer to a client, showing the relative positions of text and illustrations before the final content of those elements has been decided upon. The comp thus serves as a draft of the final layout, and (if approved) is used as guide for further design changes and, ultimately, production. Traditionally, the four stages of an illustration or other commercial art creation (e.g., advertisement) are:.
5/12	==DB== Layout (computing).In computing, layout is the process of calculating the position of objects in space subject to various constraints. This functionality can be part of an application or packaged as a reusable component or library. Page layout is the computation of the position of the paragraphs, tabs, sentences, words and letters of a text. This is done by desktop publishing software, typesetting software and web browser engines. These in turn include font layout and rendering engines, that calculate the correct position of glyphs, which can be a challenge with complex scripts. Images can also be embedded in the text. Another form of layout is found in layout managers. They are part of widget toolkits and have the ability to automatically calculate a widget's position based on alignment constraints without the need for the programmer to specify absolute coordinates. Graph drawing software automatically determine the position of the vertexes and edges of a graph with various goals like minimization of the number of edge intersections, minimization of total area or production of an aesthetically pleasing result. This type of software is used for multiple purposes including visualization and as part of electronic design automation tools for the place and route step..comment In computing, layout is the process of calculating the position of objects in space subject to various constraints. This functionality can be part of an application or packaged as a reusable component or library. Another form of layout is found in layout managers. They are part of widget toolkits and have the ability to automatically calculate a widget's position based on alignment constraints without the need for the programmer to specify absolute coordinates..
6/12	==DB== Automobile layout.In automotive design, the automobile layout describes where on the vehicle the engine and drive wheels are found. Many different combinations of engine location and driven wheels are found in practice, and the location of each is dependent on the application for which the vehicle will be used. Factors influencing the design choice include cost, complexity, reliability, packaging (location and size of the passenger compartment and boot), weight distribution, and the vehicle's intended handling characteristics. Layouts can roughly be divided into two categories: front- or rear-wheel drive. Four-wheel-drive vehicles may take on the characteristics of either, depending on how power is distributed to the wheels..comment In automotive design, the automobile layout describes where on the vehicle the engine and drive wheels are found. Many different combinations of engine location and driven wheels are found in practice, and the location of each is dependent on the application for which the vehicle will be used. Factors influencing the design choice include cost, complexity, reliability, packaging (location and size of the passenger compartment and boot), weight distribution, and the vehicle's intended handling characteristics..
7/12	==DB== Page layout.Page layout is the part of graphic design that deals in the arrangement of visual elements on a page. It generally involves organizational principles of composition to achieve specific communication objectives. The high-level page layout involves deciding on the overall arrangement of text and images, and possibly on the size or shape of the medium. It requires intelligence, sentience, and creativity, and is informed by culture, psychology, and what the document authors and editors wish to communicate and emphasize. Low-level pagination and typesetting are more mechanical processes. Given certain parameters - boundaries of text areas, the typeface, font size, and justification preference can be done in a straightforward way. Until desktop publishing became dominant, these processes were still done by people, but in modern publishing they are almost always automated. The result might be published as-is (as for a residential phone book interior) or might be tweaked by a graphic designer (as for a highly polished, expensive publication). Beginning from early illuminated pages in hand-copied books of the Middle Ages and proceeding down to intricate modern magazine and catalog layouts, proper page design has long been a consideration in printed material. With print media, elements usually consist of type (text), images (pictures), and occasionally place-holder graphics for elements that are not printed with ink such as die/laser cutting, foil stamping or blind embossing..comment Page layout is the part of graphic design that deals in the arrangement of visual elements on a page. It generally involves organizational principles of composition to achieve specific communication objectives..
8/12	==DB== Process layout.In manufacturing engineering, process layout is a design for the floor plan of a plant which aims to improve efficiency by arranging equipment according to its function. The production line should ideally be designed to eliminate waste in material flows, inventory handling and management. In process layout, the work stations and machinery are not arranged according to a particular production sequence. Instead, there is an assembly of similar operations or similar machinery in each department (for example, a drill department, a paint department, etc.).comment In manufacturing engineering, process layout is a design for the floor plan of a plant which aims to improve efficiency by arranging equipment according to its function. The production line should ideally be designed to eliminate waste in material flows, inventory handling and management. In process layout, the work stations and machinery are not arranged according to a particular production sequence. Instead, there is an assembly of similar operations or similar machinery in each department (for example, a drill department, a paint department, etc.).
9/12	==DB== Plant layout study.A plant layout study is an engineering study used to analyze different physical configurations for a manufacturing plant. It is also known as Facilities Planning and Layout..comment A plant layout study is an engineering study used to analyze different physical configurations for a manufacturing plant. It is also known as Facilities Planning and Layout..
10/12	==DB== Integrated circuit layout.Integrated circuit layout, also known IC layout, IC mask layout, or mask design, is the representation of an integrated circuit in terms of planar geometric shapes which correspond to the patterns of metal, oxide, or semiconductor layers that make up the components of the integrated circuit. When using a standard process – where the interaction of the many chemical, thermal, and photographic variables is known and carefully controlled – the behaviour of the final integrated circuit depends largely on the positions and interconnections of the geometric shapes. Using a computer-aided layout tool, the layout engineer—or layout technician—places and connects all of the components that make up the chip such that they meet certain criteria—typically: performance, size, density, and manufacturability. This practice is often subdivided between two primary layout disciplines: Analog and digital. The generated layout must pass a series of checks in a process known as physical verification. The most common checks in this verification process are  *  design rule checking (DRC),   *  layout versus schematic (LVS),   *  parasitic extraction,   *  antenna rule checking, and   *  electrical rule checking (ERC). When all verification is complete, the data is translated into an industry-standard format, typically GDSII, and sent to a semiconductor foundry. The process of sending this data to the foundry is called tapeout because the data used to be shipped out on a magnetic tape. The foundry converts the data into another format and uses it to generate the photomasks used in a photolithographic process of semiconductor device fabrication. In the earlier, simpler, days of IC design, layout was done by hand using opaque tapes and films, much like the early days of printed circuit board (PCB) design. Modern IC layout is done with the aid of IC layout editor software, mostly automatically using EDA tools, including place and route tools or schematic-driven layout tools. The manual operation of choosing and positioning the geometric shapes is informally known as "polygon pushing"..comment Integrated circuit layout, also known IC layout, IC mask layout, or mask design, is the representation of an integrated circuit in terms of planar geometric shapes which correspond to the patterns of metal, oxide, or semiconductor layers that make up the components of the integrated circuit. The generated layout must pass a series of checks in a process known as physical verification. The most common checks in this verification process are.
11/12	==SS== To expend or contribute money to an expense or purchase.
12/12	==DB== Plover.latestReleaseVersion 3.latestReleaseDate 2016-04-30.license GNU General Public License v2.Keyboard layout.A keyboard layout is any specific mechanical, visual, or functional arrangement of the keys, legends, or key-meaning associations (respectively) of a computer, typewriter, or other typographic keyboard. Mechanical layout The placements and keys of a keyboard. Visual layout The arrangement of the legends (labels, markings, engravings) that appear on the keys of a keyboard. Functional layout The arrangement of the key-meaning associations, determined in software, of all the keys of a keyboard. Most computer keyboards are designed to send scancodes to the operating system, rather than directly sending characters. From there, the series of scancodes is converted into a character stream by keyboard layout software. This allows a physical keyboard to be dynamically mapped to any number of layouts without switching hardware components – merely by changing the software that interprets the keystrokes. It is usually possible for an advanced user to change keyboard operation, and third-party software is available to modify or extend keyboard functionality..comment A keyboard layout is any specific mechanical, visual, or functional arrangement of the keys, legends, or key-meaning associations (respectively) of a computer, typewriter, or other typographic keyboard. Mechanical layout The placements and keys of a keyboard. Visual layout The arrangement of the legends (labels, markings, engravings) that appear on the keys of a keyboard. Functional layout The arrangement of the key-meaning associations, determined in software, of all the keys of a keyboard..
===173	light up	5
1/5	==DB== title Light Up.Light Up (sculpture).Light Up, often stylised as Light Up!, is a painted steel plate public art sculpture by American artist Tony Smith and dedicated on May 15, 1974. The sculpture is located in the University of Pittsburgh's Forbes Quadrangle between Posvar Hall, the Barco Law Building, and Hillman Library. Commissioned in 1971 by Westinghouse Electric Corporation, it was originally situated in Gateway Center in downtown Pittsburgh, but was donated to the University of Pittsburgh and relocated to its Oakland campus in 1988. The sculpture was temporarily recited to the Seagram Plaza in New York in 1998 for an exhibition of Smith's work at the Museum of Modern Art..comment Light Up, often stylised as Light Up!, is a painted steel plate public art sculpture by American artist Tony Smith and dedicated on May 15, 1974. The sculpture is located in the University of Pittsburgh's Forbes Quadrangle between Posvar Hall, the Barco Law Building, and Hillman Library. Commissioned in 1971 by Westinghouse Electric Corporation, it was originally situated in Gateway Center in downtown Pittsburgh, but was donated to the University of Pittsburgh and relocated to its Oakland campus in 1988. The sculpture was temporarily recited to the Seagram Plaza in New York in 1998 for an exhibition of Smith's work at the Museum of Modern Art..
2/5	==DB== Light Up.genre *.writer *.length 215.0.released 2012-01-15.artist Yasmin featuring Shy FX and Ms. Dynamite.lastSingle "Young Guns".nextSingle "Real".Light Up (The World)."Light Up (The World)" is a song recorded by British artist Yasmin, featuring Shy FX and Ms. Dynamite. The song was released on 15 January 2012 for digital download in the United Kingdom as Yasmin's third single..comment "Light Up (The World)" is a song recorded by British artist Yasmin, featuring Shy FX and Ms. Dynamite. The song was released on 15 January 2012 for digital download in the United Kingdom as Yasmin's third single..
3/5	==DB== Light Up (Drake song).
4/5	==SS== To illuminate, to bring light to something, to brighten.
5/5	==DB== Light Up (puzzle).Light Up (Japanese:美術館 bijutsukan, art gallery), also called Akari, is a binary-determination logic puzzle published by Nikoli. As of 2011, three books consisting entirely of Light Up puzzles have been published by Nikoli..comment Light Up (Japanese:美術館 bijutsukan, art gallery), also called Akari, is a binary-determination logic puzzle published by Nikoli. As of 2011, three books consisting entirely of Light Up puzzles have been published by Nikoli..
===174	line up	4
1/4	==DB== director Hollingsworth Morse.director Seymour Berns.director Thomas Carr.director Earl Bellamy.director Harold D. Schuster.runtime 30.runtime 60.showName The Lineup.numSeasons 6.numEpisodes 190.firstAired 1954-10-01.lastAired 1960-01-20.The Lineup (TV series).The Lineup is an American police drama which aired on CBS radio from 1950 to 1953 and on CBS television from 1954 to 1960. Syndicated reruns of the series were broadcast under the title San Francisco Beat..comment The Lineup is an American police drama which aired on CBS radio from 1950 to 1953 and on CBS television from 1954 to 1960. Syndicated reruns of the series were broadcast under the title San Francisco Beat..
2/4	==DB== Police lineup.A police lineup (in American English) or identity parade (in British English) is a process by which a crime victim or witness's putative identification of a suspect is confirmed to a level that can count as evidence at trial. The suspect, along with several "fillers" or "foils"—people of similar height, build, and complexion who may be prisoners, actors, police officers, or volunteers—stand side-by-side, both facing and in profile. The lineup sometimes takes place in a room for the purpose, one which may feature a one-way mirror to allow a witness to remain anonymous, and may include markings on the wall to aid identifying the person's height. For evidence from a lineup to be admissible in court, the lineup itself must be conducted fairly. The police may not say or do anything that persuades the witness to identify the suspect that they prefer. This includes loading the lineup with people who look very dissimilar to the suspect..comment A police lineup (in American English) or identity parade (in British English) is a process by which a crime victim or witness's putative identification of a suspect is confirmed to a level that can count as evidence at trial. For evidence from a lineup to be admissible in court, the lineup itself must be conducted fairly. The police may not say or do anything that persuades the witness to identify the suspect that they prefer. This includes loading the lineup with people who look very dissimilar to the suspect..
3/4	==SS== to put in alignment; to put in correct adjustment for smooth running
4/4	==DB== runtime 44.showName The LineUp.firstAired 2005-10-15.The Lineup (TV program).The LineUp is an American current affairs news television program on Fox News Channel from October 2005 to 2007. Hosted by Kimberly Guilfoyle, the show primarily focused around the top criminal and legal stories in the news. The coverage included taped reports, reporters on location, and analysis from the show's host and analysts appearing on the program. It was broadcast live on Saturdays at 10 p.m., replayed at 2 a.m. (all times ET), the program was originally hosted by Jamie Colby..comment The LineUp is an American current affairs news television program on Fox News Channel from October 2005 to 2007. Hosted by Kimberly Guilfoyle, the show primarily focused around the top criminal and legal stories in the news. The coverage included taped reports, reporters on location, and analysis from the show's host and analysts appearing on the program. It was broadcast live on Saturdays at 10 p.m., replayed at 2 a.m. (all times ET), the program was originally hosted by Jamie Colby..
===175	lock in	8
1/8	==DB== Locked In.producer Michael Bassick.producer Susie Brooks-Smith.producer Pippa Mitchell.Locked In (film).Locked In is a 2010 independent thriller drama film directed by Suri Krishnamma and written by Ronnie Christensen, starring Ben Barnes, Sarah Roemer and Eliza Dushku. It was shot in the United States under the working title of Valediction. The film premiered in the United States on September 17, 2010, at the 2010 Boston Film Festival..comment Locked In is a 2010 independent thriller drama film directed by Suri Krishnamma and written by Ronnie Christensen, starring Ben Barnes, Sarah Roemer and Eliza Dushku. It was shot in the United States under the working title of Valediction. The film premiered in the United States on September 17, 2010, at the 2010 Boston Film Festival..
2/8	==DB== Lock In.pages 336.isbn 978.pubDate 2014-08-26.Lock In.Lock In is a science fiction police procedural novel by American writer John Scalzi. The book was published by Tor Books in August 2014. The audiobook of the novel was released in two versions, one narrated by Wil Wheaton and one by Amber Benson..comment Lock In is a science fiction police procedural novel by American writer John Scalzi. The book was published by Tor Books in August 2014. The audiobook of the novel was released in two versions, one narrated by Wil Wheaton and one by Amber Benson..
3/8	==SS== 
4/8	==DB== Locked in period.
5/8	==SS== To secure (someone or something) in a locked enclosure.
6/8	==DB== writer Russel Friend.writer Garrett Lerner.title Locked In.season 5.airdate 2009-03-30.episode 19.guests * Faune Chambers as Molly * John Kapelos as Dr. Kurtz * Mos Def as Lee.Locked In (House)."Locked In" is the nineteenth episode of the fifth season of House. It aired on March 30, 2009. Large portions of the episode are shown from the perspective of the patient, who retains consciousness but lacks the ability to move. After discovering the patient in an emergency room while being treated for injuries related to a motorbike crash, House's team move the patient to Princeton Plainsboro and attempts to diagnose him. During the course of treatment, the team discovers several medically relevant secrets about the patient. Other plot points focus on Wilson's attempts to discover why House was in Middletown, New York when he crashed, Wilson's new relationship, and the resolution of Taub's resignation from the previous episode..comment "Locked In" is the nineteenth episode of the fifth season of House. It aired on March 30, 2009. Large portions of the episode are shown from the perspective of the patient, who retains consciousness but lacks the ability to move. After discovering the patient in an emergency room while being treated for injuries related to a motorbike crash, House's team move the patient to Princeton Plainsboro and attempts to diagnose him. During the course of treatment, the team discovers several medically relevant secrets about the patient. Other plot points focus on Wilson's attempts to discover why House was in Middletown, New York when he crashed, Wilson's new relationship, and the resolution of Taub's resignation from the previous episode..
7/8	==DB== Locked In.length 2201.0.lastAlbum There's the Rub.nextAlbum New England.recorded Atlantic Studios, New York City.Locked In (album).Locked In is the sixth studio album by the rock band Wishbone Ash. Considered by many, including the band themselves, to be one of the weaker entries in their extensive catalog. The band frequently place the blame on producer Tom Dowd, who insisted the band play much quieter in the studio, removing much of the energy of their performances..comment Locked In is the sixth studio album by the rock band Wishbone Ash. Considered by many, including the band themselves, to be one of the weaker entries in their extensive catalog. The band frequently place the blame on producer Tom Dowd, who insisted the band play much quieter in the studio, removing much of the energy of their performances..
8/8	==DB== Locked In.bSide "Reckless".lastSingle "Turbo Lover".nextSingle "Parental Guidance".Locked In (song)."Locked In" is a song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest, from the album Turbo. It was released in May 1986 as the second single off the album. The guitar solo for "Locked In" features dual leads played in unison by Tipton and Downing; these are followed by lead fills played by Tipton. The song also makes use of sweep picking and synthesizer guitars..comment "Locked In" is a song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest, from the album Turbo. It was released in May 1986 as the second single off the album. The guitar solo for "Locked In" features dual leads played in unison by Tipton and Downing; these are followed by lead fills played by Tipton. The song also makes use of sweep picking and synthesizer guitars..
===176	lock up	5
1/5	==DB== Lock Up.yearsActive 1998.background group_or_band.currentMembers Kevin Sharp.Lock Up (UK band).Lock Up is a grindcore sideproject supergroup originally formed by Shane Embury (Napalm Death, Venomous Concept), Nicholas Barker (ex-Cradle of Filth, Dimmu Borgir) and Jesse Pintado (Napalm Death, Terrorizer). Lock Up was joined by Peter Tägtgren (Hypocrisy) for its debut album, 1999's Pleasures Pave Sewers, and Tomas Lindberg (At The Gates, Disfear) for 2002's Hate Breeds Suffering and a Japanese tour. The band was later joined by guitarist Anton Reisenegger (Chile's Pentagram and Criminal) in place of the late Pintado. Lock Up have played very few live shows. In 2009, the band announced that they would play the Damnation Festival that year. The line-up featured Embury, Barker, Lindberg and Reisenegger. It was touted as the band's last ever live show; however, they later booked more shows for 2010 and 2012. During February of that year they scheduled a ten show mini-tour in the United States. It was their first time playing in that country. Unfortunately Shane Embury was unable to make the shows so Danny Lilker from Nuclear Assault filled in on bass for the duration of the trek. On 3 December 2010 Lock Up uploaded the first new piece of music in eight years, a track titled "Life of Devastation", to the band's official MySpace page. The song is set to appear on a split seven-inch single with Misery Index in 2011. The band's third studio album, Necropolis Transparent, was recorded in November and December 2010 at HVR Studios in Ipswich, England, and features guest appearances by Peter Tägtgren and Jeff Walker (Carcass, Brujeria). It will be released on 1 July in Europe and 12 July in North America by Nuclear Blast Records..comment Lock Up is a grindcore sideproject supergroup originally formed by Shane Embury (Napalm Death, Venomous Concept), Nicholas Barker (ex-Cradle of Filth, Dimmu Borgir) and Jesse Pintado (Napalm Death, Terrorizer). Lock Up was joined by Peter Tägtgren (Hypocrisy) for its debut album, 1999's Pleasures Pave Sewers, and Tomas Lindberg (At The Gates, Disfear) for 2002's Hate Breeds Suffering and a Japanese tour. The band was later joined by guitarist Anton Reisenegger (Chile's Pentagram and Criminal) in place of the late Pintado..
2/5	==DB== Lock Up.writer Richard Smith.writer Henry Rosenbaum.runtime 6900.0.starring *.budget 2.4E7.gross 2.2E7.Lock Up (film).Lock Up is a 1989 American prison action film directed by John Flynn and starring Sylvester Stallone, Donald Sutherland, Tom Sizemore, and John Amos. It was released in the United States on August 4, 1989..comment Lock Up is a 1989 American prison action film directed by John Flynn and starring Sylvester Stallone, Donald Sutherland, Tom Sizemore, and John Amos. It was released in the United States on August 4, 1989..
3/5	==DB== Lock Up.yearsActive 1989.background group_or_band.origin Los Angeles, California, United States.associatedActs Dead Kennedys.associatedActs Red Hot Chili Peppers.associatedActs Audioslave.associatedActs The Nightwatchman.associatedActs Street Sweeper Social Club.Lock Up (American band).Lock Up was a rock band that featured Tom Morello on guitar before Rage Against the Machine was formed. The band was founded by the original guitar player Mike Livingston (formerly of The Mau-Mau's) and Kevin Wood on bass. They had previously played together in the band Ella and the Blacks, which also included Brian Grillo and Brendan Mullen (founder of The Masque, the first L.A. punk rock club). Grillo became Lock Up's lead singer. Grillo had worked several years before with Martin Atkins in Atkin's Brian Brain project, and then was known in Los Angeles for fronting Brian Grillo's Wild Coyote Review. The original drummer was Michael Lee, (later drummer with Sylvia Juncosa and with The Homebillies ), who quit and was replaced briefly by D. H. Peligro, formerly of the Dead Kennedys and later in Red Hot Chili Peppers. After Peligro left, he was replaced by Vince Ostertag . In early 1987, Lock Up signed a production deal with Third Story Music, which was the company associated with Herb Cohen, by Evan Cohen, who later ran Manifesto Records. Cohen brought the band to the attention of Anna Statman, who was an A & R person at Slash Records. In 1988, Statman moved to a new job at Geffen Records, and Lock Up was her first signing at Geffen, in mid-1988. Livingston had left Lock Up in late 1987. In early 1988, Livingston was replaced by Morello. Chris Beebe on bass completed the lineup that released Lock Up's sole album on Geffen Records, Something Bitchin' This Way Comes, which came out in 1989. The title of the album was based on Ray Bradbury's 1962 novel Something Wicked This Way Comes. Vince Ostertag was subsequently replaced by Jon Knox who played drums until the group disbanded. Following the Lock Up break up, Jon encouraged bassist Tim Commerford and Zack de la Rocha to jam with Tom Morello and drummer Brad Wilk who unsuccessfully auditioned for Lock Up. This line-up went on to form Rage Against the Machine. Most of Morello's guitar with Lock Up is unlike his work with Rage Against the Machine and Audioslave. His solos, in contrast to Livingston's rootsy blues oriented style mainly consist of arpeggios, tapping and overall fast fretwork. Evidence of his experimenting with the toggle switch can be heard in a few tracks ("Can't Stop the Bleeding", "Nothing New", "Punch Drunk"). The songs "Punch Drunk" and "Half Man Half Beast" were featured in the 1991 comedy film Ski School. In 1997, Manifesto Records licensed the Lock Up album from Geffen, and released it on compact disc. After the release, Manifesto, Morello, and Morello's label, Sony, got into a legal dispute over whether Manifesto could place a sticker on the compact disc that read "Featuring Tom Morello from Rage Against the Machine.".comment Lock Up was a rock band that featured Tom Morello on guitar before Rage Against the Machine was formed. The band was founded by the original guitar player Mike Livingston (formerly of The Mau-Mau's) and Kevin Wood on bass. They had previously played together in the band Ella and the Blacks, which also included Brian Grillo and Brendan Mullen (founder of The Masque, the first L.A. punk rock club). Grillo became Lock Up's lead singer. Grillo had worked several years before with Martin Atkins in Atkin's Brian Brain project, and then was known in Los Angeles for fronting Brian Grillo's Wild Coyote Review..
4/5	==SS== to imprison or incarcerate someone
5/5	==DB== The Lock Up (disambiguation).
===177	look around	4
1/4	==DB== Look Around.length 2784.0.released 2000-10-01.Look Around (Anthony Rapp album).Look Around is the first full-length album by American actor/singer Anthony Rapp, known as a singer for his performance as Mark Cohen in the musical Rent and the film adaptation of the musical. It was released on October 1, 2000..comment Look Around is the first full-length album by American actor/singer Anthony Rapp, known as a singer for his performance as Mark Cohen in the musical Rent and the film adaptation of the musical. It was released on October 1, 2000..
2/4	==SS== 
3/4	==DB== Look Around.length 208.0.released 2012-01-25.lastSingle "Monarchy of Roses".nextSingle "Brendan's Death Song".Look Around (song)."Look Around" is a song by the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, taken from their tenth studio album I'm with You (2011). It is the album's third single and the music video was released on January 25, 2012. On the band's website, however, it leaked a day early. The song is available for download on iTunes and a two track promo single was released, but no other info on a proper CD single has been released. On December 2, 2011, drummer Chad Smith confirmed "Look Around" as the next single when he posted a photo on his Twitter page of his drum set and a toilet saying it was from the "Look Around" video. The Robert Hales directed video pans four different rooms, each containing a member of the band..comment "Look Around" is a song by the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, taken from their tenth studio album I'm with You (2011). It is the album's third single and the music video was released on January 25, 2012. On the band's website, however, it leaked a day early. The song is available for download on iTunes and a two track promo single was released, but no other info on a proper CD single has been released..
4/4	==DB== Look Around (Sergio Mendes album).
===178	man down	4
1/4	==DB== writer Stephen Morrison.writer Greg Davies.writer Sian Harries.runtime 1500.0.showName Man Down.numEpisodes 18.executiveProducer Richard Allen-Turner.firstAired 2013-10-18.numSeries 3.Man Down (TV series).Man Down is a British sitcom first broadcast on 18 October 2013 on Channel 4 and starring Greg Davies as Dan, a man who hates his job as a teacher and who recently broke up with his girlfriend, and Rik Mayall as his father in the first series. Channel 4 commissioned an additional 25-minute Christmas special before the first series aired, and a second series was announced during Davies's live tour "The Back of My Mum's Head", though this was prior to Rik Mayall's death in June 2014. Following Mayall's death, Davies met with Channel 4, to discuss the future of the show (Mayall had been intended to have a more prominent role in Series 2). On 28 November 2014, Channel 4 announced that Man Down would return for a second Christmas special on 23 December 2014 with a second series due to follow on 1 June 2015. In October 2015, Channel 4 ordered a third series, which begun airing on 13 July 2016..comment Man Down is a British sitcom first broadcast on 18 October 2013 on Channel 4 and starring Greg Davies as Dan, a man who hates his job as a teacher and who recently broke up with his girlfriend, and Rik Mayall as his father in the first series..
2/4	==DB== Man Down.producer Bobby Campbell.producer Sham.released 2011-05-03.lastSingle "S&M".nextSingle "California King Bed".Man Down (song)."Man Down" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her fifth studio album, Loud (2010). Singer Shontelle and production duo Rock City wrote the song with its main producer, Sham. They wrote it during a writing camp, in Los Angeles of March 2010, held by Rihanna's record label to gather compositions for possible inclusion on the then-untitled album. Rock City were inspired by Bob Marley's 1973 song "I Shot the Sheriff" and set out to create a song which embodied the same feel but female perspective. It is a reggae ballad which incorporates elements of ragga and electronic music. Lyrically, Rihanna is a fugitive after she shoots a man, an action she later regrets. Several critics singled out "Man Down" as Loud's highlight, while others commented on her prominent West Indian accent and vocal agility. Def Jam released "Man Down" on May 3, 2011, as the fifth single from the album. In the United States, the single reached number 59 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 9 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It has been certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song topped the chart in France for five consecutive weeks and reached the top three in Belgium and the Netherlands. Anthony Mandler directed its music video, in which Rihanna's character shoots a man after he rapes her. The video was criticized by the Parents Television Council, Industry Ears and Mothers Against Violence, who faulted Rihanna for suggesting that murder is an acceptable form of justice for rape victims. However, actress Gabrielle Union, a rape victim, praised the video for being relatable. "Man Down" was on the set list for three of Rihanna's tours – the Loud Tour (2011), the Diamonds World Tour (2013) and The Anti World Tour (2016)..comment "Man Down" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her fifth studio album, Loud (2010). Singer Shontelle and production duo Rock City wrote the song with its main producer, Sham. They wrote it during a writing camp, in Los Angeles of March 2010, held by Rihanna's record label to gather compositions for possible inclusion on the then-untitled album. Rock City were inspired by Bob Marley's 1973 song "I Shot the Sheriff" and set out to create a song which embodied the same feel but female perspective. It is a reggae ballad which incorporates elements of ragga and electronic music. Lyrically, Rihanna is a fugitive after she shoots a man, an action she later regrets. Several critics singled out "Man Down" as Loud's highlight, while others commented on her prominent West Indian accent and voc.
3/4	==SS== To lose courage or cause to lose courage.
4/4	==DB== Man Down.producer Jon Burton.producer Dawn Krantz.producer Stephen McEveety.starring Clifton Collins Jr..starring Gary Oldman.starring Kate Mara.starring Jai Courtney.Man Down (film).Man Down is a 2015 American post-apocalyptic war thriller drama film directed by Dito Montiel and written by Adam G. Simon. The film stars Shia LaBeouf, Kate Mara, Gary Oldman, Jai Courtney and Jose Pablo Cantillo. It was screened in the Gala Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival. The film had its world premiere in the Horizon section at 72nd Venice International Film Festival on 6 September 2015..comment Man Down is a 2015 American post-apocalyptic war thriller drama film directed by Dito Montiel and written by Adam G. Simon. The film stars Shia LaBeouf, Kate Mara, Gary Oldman, Jai Courtney and Jose Pablo Cantillo. It was screened in the Gala Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival. The film had its world premiere in the Horizon section at 72nd Venice International Film Festival on 6 September 2015..
===179	mark up	5
1/5	==DB== 
2/5	==SS== To increase the price of something between its wholesale and retail phase.
3/5	==DB== Markup (legislation).Markup (or mark-up) is the process by which a U.S. congressional committee or state legislative session debates, amends, and rewrites proposed legislation..comment Markup (or mark-up) is the process by which a U.S. congressional committee or state legislative session debates, amends, and rewrites proposed legislation..
4/5	==DB== Markup (business).Markup is the difference between the cost of a good or service and its selling price. A markup is added onto the total cost incurred by the producer of a good or service in order to cover the costs of doing business and create a profit. The total cost reflects the total amount of both fixed and variable expenses to produce and distribute a product. Markup can be expressed as a fixed amount or as a percentage of the total cost or selling price. Retail markup is commonly calculated as the difference between wholesale price and retail price, as a percentage of wholesale. Other methods are also used..comment Markup is the difference between the cost of a good or service and its selling price. A markup is added onto the total cost incurred by the producer of a good or service in order to cover the costs of doing business and create a profit. The total cost reflects the total amount of both fixed and variable expenses to produce and distribute a product. Markup can be expressed as a fixed amount or as a percentage of the total cost or selling price. Retail markup is commonly calculated as the difference between wholesale price and retail price, as a percentage of wholesale. Other methods are also used..
5/5	==DB== Markup language.A markup language is a system for annotating a document in a way that is syntactically distinguishable from the text. The idea and terminology evolved from the "marking up" of paper manuscripts, i.e., the revision instructions by editors, traditionally written with a blue pencil on authors' manuscripts. In digital media this "blue pencil instruction text" was replaced by tags, that is, instructions are expressed directly by tags or "instruction text encapsulated by tags." Examples include typesetting instructions such as those found in troff, TeX and LaTeX, or structural markers such as XML tags. Markup instructs the software that displays the text to carry out appropriate actions, but is omitted from the version of the text that users see. Some markup languages, such as the widely used HTML, have pre-defined presentation semantics—meaning that their specification prescribes how to present the structured data. Others, such as XML, do not have them and are general purpose. HyperText Markup Language (HTML), one of the document formats of the World Wide Web, is an instance of SGML (though, strictly, it does not comply with all the rules of SGML), and follows many of the markup conventions used in the publishing industry in the communication of printed work between authors, editors, and printers..comment A markup language is a system for annotating a document in a way that is syntactically distinguishable from the text. The idea and terminology evolved from the "marking up" of paper manuscripts, i.e., the revision instructions by editors, traditionally written with a blue pencil on authors' manuscripts. Some markup languages, such as the widely used HTML, have pre-defined presentation semantics—meaning that their specification prescribes how to present the structured data. Others, such as XML, do not have them and are general purpose..
===180	mash up	8
1/8	==DB== Lotus Mashups.Lotus Mashups is a business mashups editor developed and distributed by IBM as part of the IBM Mashup Center system. Lotus Mashups is intended for use in professional environments, such as corporations and governments..comment Lotus Mashups is a business mashups editor developed and distributed by IBM as part of the IBM Mashup Center system. Lotus Mashups is intended for use in professional environments, such as corporations and governments..
2/8	==DB== Mashup (book).A mash-up novel (also called "mashup" or "mashed-up novel"), is a work of fiction which combines a pre-existing literature text, often a classic work of fiction, with another genre, such as horror genre into a single narrative. Marjorie Kehe of the Christian Science Monitor renders this admixture of classic text as "somewhere between 60 and 85 percent original text, with new plot twists added by contemporary co-authors". These "twists" often include horror fiction elements like vampires, werewolves or zombies..comment A mash-up novel (also called "mashup" or "mashed-up novel"), is a work of fiction which combines a pre-existing literature text, often a classic work of fiction, with another genre, such as horror genre into a single narrative. Marjorie Kehe of the Christian Science Monitor renders this admixture of classic text as "somewhere between 60 and 85 percent original text, with new plot twists added by contemporary co-authors". These "twists" often include horror fiction elements like vampires, werewolves or zombies..
3/8	==DB== Mashup (video).A video mashup (also written as video mash-up) combines multiple pre-existing video sources with no discernible relation with each other into a unified video. These are derivative works as defined by the United States Copyright Act 17 U.S.C. § 101, and as such, may find protection from copyright claims under the doctrine of fair use. Examples of mashup videos include movie trailer remixes, vids, YouTube Poop, and supercuts..comment A video mashup (also written as video mash-up) combines multiple pre-existing video sources with no discernible relation with each other into a unified video. These are derivative works as defined by the United States Copyright Act 17 U.S.C. § 101, and as such, may find protection from copyright claims under the doctrine of fair use. Examples of mashup videos include movie trailer remixes, vids, YouTube Poop, and supercuts..
4/8	==DB== Mashup (web application hybrid).A mashup, in web development, is a web page, or web application, that uses content from more than one source to create a single new service displayed in a single graphical interface. For example, a user could combine the addresses and photographs of their library branches with a Google map to create a map mashup. The term implies easy, fast integration, frequently using open application programming interfaces (open API) and data sources to produce enriched results that were not necessarily the original reason for producing the raw source data.The term mashup originally comes from British - West Indies slang meaning to be intoxicated, or as a description for something or someone not functioning as intended. In recent English parlance it can refer to music, where people seamlessly combine audio from one song with the vocal track from another—thereby mashing them together to create something new. The main characteristics of a mashup are combination, visualization, and aggregation. It is important to make existing data more useful, for personal and professional use. To be able to permanently access the data of other services, mashups are generally client applications or hosted online. In the past years, more and more Web applications have published APIs that enable software developers to easily integrate data and functions the SOA way, instead of building them by themselves. Mashups can be considered to have an active role in the evolution of social software and Web 2.0. Mashup composition tools are usually simple enough to be used by end-users. They generally do not require programming skills and rather support visual wiring of GUI widgets, services and components together. Therefore, these tools contribute to a new vision of the Web, where users are able to contribute..comment A mashup, in web development, is a web page, or web application, that uses content from more than one source to create a single new service displayed in a single graphical interface. For example, a user could combine the addresses and photographs of their library branches with a Google map to create a map mashup. The term implies easy, fast integration, frequently using open application programming interfaces (open API) and data sources to produce enriched results that were not necessarily the original reason for producing the raw source data.The term mashup originally comes from British - West Indies slang meaning to be intoxicated, or as a description for something or someone not functioning as intended. In recent English parlance it can refer to music, where people seamlessly combine au.
5/8	==DB== Mashup (education).Mashups are a combination of two or more data sources that have been integrated into one source. They typically consist of graphics, texts, audio clips, and video that have been sourced from various media such as blogs, wikis, YouTube, Google Maps, etc., into a new product. Remix is a related term, referring to how data sources have been combined to produce a constellation of elements that were not originally intended by the creators. Mashups rely on open and discoverable resources, open and transparent licensing, and open and remixable formats. In the educational context, mashups are being used as an instructional tool by the teacher and/or as a product created by the student who are responsible for manipulating the data themselves. For example, , is a mashup website that was created by the World Bank to provide learners with data about country GDP, GDP growth, taxes, and other related information about countries around the globe. Students can use this platform to investigate real-world questions and generate their own arguments as a form of inquiry-based learning. Also, this places students into the role of the participant in the internet as they engage in discovering, remixing, and sharing content. As a result, mashups provide pedagogical opportunities, among them, as a tool within the constructivist approach to learning and also a way of teaching digital literacy, science, social studies, video production, and web development. Mashups rely on open and discoverable resources, open and transparent licensing, and open and remixable formats..comment Mashups are a combination of two or more data sources that have been integrated into one source. They typically consist of graphics, texts, audio clips, and video that have been sourced from various media such as blogs, wikis, YouTube, Google Maps, etc., into a new product. Remix is a related term, referring to how data sources have been combined to produce a constellation of elements that were not originally intended by the creators. Mashups rely on open and discoverable resources, open and transparent licensing, and open and remixable formats..
6/8	==DB== Mashup Culture.Mashup (culture).Participants in an online music scene who rearrange spliced parts of musical pieces form Mashup Culture. The audio-files are normally in MP3 format and spliced with audio-editing softwares online. The new, edited song is called mashup. The expression mashup culture is also strongly connected to mashup in music. Even though it is originally not a political community, the producer of mash-up music are related to the issue of copyright. Mashup Culture is even regarded as “a response to larger technological, institutional, and social contexts"..comment Participants in an online music scene who rearrange spliced parts of musical pieces form Mashup Culture. The audio-files are normally in MP3 format and spliced with audio-editing softwares online. The new, edited song is called mashup. The expression mashup culture is also strongly connected to mashup in music. Even though it is originally not a political community, the producer of mash-up music are related to the issue of copyright. Mashup Culture is even regarded as “a response to larger technological, institutional, and social contexts"..
7/8	==DB== Mash-up music.Mashup (music).A mashup (also mesh, mash up, mash-up, blend, bootleg and bastard pop/rock) is a song or composition created by blending two or more pre-recorded songs, usually by overlaying the vocal track of one song seamlessly over the instrumental track of another. To the extent that such works are "transformative" of original content, in the United States they may find protection from copyright claims under the "fair use" doctrine of copyright law..comment A mashup (also mesh, mash up, mash-up, blend, bootleg and bastard pop/rock) is a song or composition created by blending two or more pre-recorded songs, usually by overlaying the vocal track of one song seamlessly over the instrumental track of another. To the extent that such works are "transformative" of original content, in the United States they may find protection from copyright claims under the "fair use" doctrine of copyright law..
8/8	==DB== Band Mashups.
===181	melt down	28
1/28	==DB== Meltdown.Indica Records.length 2864.0.Meltdown (GrimSkunk album).Meltdown is the second album by Quebec hard rock group GrimSkunk released in 1996. The title of the song P.C.P. is an acronym for Problème de Consommation Personnelle meaning personal consumption problem related to drug use and features Uncle Costa and Shantal Arroyo on lead vocals. A video was made for No Sympathy. The songs Lord Ogre and Fat Al's Illness are rerecorded versions from the Fatal Illness days, the latter being a wordplay on the band's early name..comment Meltdown is the second album by Quebec hard rock group GrimSkunk released in 1996. The title of the song P.C.P. is an acronym for Problème de Consommation Personnelle meaning personal consumption problem related to drug use and features Uncle Costa and Shantal Arroyo on lead vocals. A video was made for No Sympathy. The songs Lord Ogre and Fat Al's Illness are rerecorded versions from the Fatal Illness days, the latter being a wordplay on the band's early name..
2/28	==DB== Meltdown.type remix.dIVA/Warner.released 2002-10-29.lastAlbum No Promises.nextAlbum Heroes.Meltdown (Icehouse album).Meltdown is a remix album by Australian rock synthpop band, Icehouse with tracks remixed by Australian electronic musicians and bands including Infusion, sonicanimation and beXta. It was released in October 2002 within Australia by dIVA Records (Icehouse founder Iva Davies' own label) under Warner Music Australia. The single "Lay Your Hands on Me" (Icehouse Vs. Speed Of Light) peaked at #85 on the Australian singles chart. The album was re-released, in 2004 by Rock Up label / Star Records, as Street Cafe or more fully Street Cafe and Other Remixed Hits with a different track order and different cover art (see infobox below right)..comment Meltdown is a remix album by Australian rock synthpop band, Icehouse with tracks remixed by Australian electronic musicians and bands including Infusion, sonicanimation and beXta. It was released in October 2002 within Australia by dIVA Records (Icehouse founder Iva Davies' own label) under Warner Music Australia. The single "Lay Your Hands on Me" (Icehouse Vs. Speed Of Light) peaked at #85 on the Australian singles chart. The album was re-released, in 2004 by Rock Up label / Star Records, as Street Cafe or more fully Street Cafe and Other Remixed Hits with a different track order and different cover art (see infobox below right)..
3/28	==DB== Meltdown.length 2580.0.lastAlbum I Want to Be a Clone.nextAlbum On the Fritz.Meltdown (Steve Taylor album).Meltdown is the second release and first full-length album by American singer-songwriter Steve Taylor. It followed 1983's I Want to Be a Clone and featured a similar kind of style, involving Christian rock incorporating new wave musical influences, while also being produced by Jonathan David Brown. The album did well, commercially, reaching the No. 10 spot on Billboard's Top Contemporary Christian chart. It additionally received positive critical reviews from publications such as Billboard, saying that "Taylor has an edge and vitality". The album was listed at No. 18 in the 2001 book CCM Presents: The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music. Like other works by Taylor, the album's songs touch on many socio-political issues; "We Don't Need No Colour Code" denounces Christian organizations that practice racism while "Over My Dead Body" calls for more attention to violations of human rights overseas..comment Meltdown is the second release and first full-length album by American singer-songwriter Steve Taylor. It followed 1983's I Want to Be a Clone and featured a similar kind of style, involving Christian rock incorporating new wave musical influences, while also being produced by Jonathan David Brown. The album did well, commercially, reaching the No. 10 spot on Billboard's Top Contemporary Christian chart..
4/28	==DB== Meltdown (Image Comics).Meltdown is a two-part comic book mini-series published in December 2006 (issue 1) and January 2007 (issue 2) by Image Comics. Written by David Schwartz and illustrated by Sean Wang..comment Meltdown is a two-part comic book mini-series published in December 2006 (issue 1) and January 2007 (issue 2) by Image Comics. Written by David Schwartz and illustrated by Sean Wang..
5/28	==DB== Meltdown.(A Free-Market Look at Why the Stock Market Collapsed, the Economy Tanked, and the Government Bailout Will Make Things Worse).author Thomas Woods.pages 194.isbn 1.pubDate 2009-02-09.Meltdown (book).Meltdown is a book on the global financial crisis of 2007–2008 by historian Thomas Woods, with a foreword by Rep. Ron Paul. The book was published on February 9, 2009 by Regnery Publishing..comment Meltdown is a book on the global financial crisis of 2007–2008 by historian Thomas Woods, with a foreword by Rep. Ron Paul. The book was published on February 9, 2009 by Regnery Publishing..
6/28	==DB== Meltdown (AC/DC song).
7/28	==DB== Meltdown (festival).Meltdown is an annual festival, held in London, featuring a mix of music, art, performance and film. Meltdown is held in June at Southbank Centre, the arts complex covering 21 acres (85,000 m2) and including the Royal Festival Hall, the Queen Elizabeth Hall and The Hayward. Each year the festival chooses an established music artist or act as director of the event and they pick the performers of their choosing. Previous Meltdown directors include: Elvis Costello, David Bowie, Patti Smith, Lee Scratch Perry, Morrissey, Jarvis Cocker, Nick Cave, Scott Walker, John Peel and Ornette Coleman. The festival has been held annually since 1993, except in 2006 when the Royal Festival Hall was closed for refurbishment. In 2016 Guy Garvey, lead singer of Elbow, 6 Music DJ, presenter of BBC iPlayer's Music Box with Guy Garvey and latterly solo artist, curates the 23rd Meltdown..comment Meltdown is an annual festival, held in London, featuring a mix of music, art, performance and film. Meltdown is held in June at Southbank Centre, the arts complex covering 21 acres (85,000 m2) and including the Royal Festival Hall, the Queen Elizabeth Hall and The Hayward. Each year the festival chooses an established music artist or act as director of the event and they pick the performers of their choosing. Previous Meltdown directors include: Elvis Costello, David Bowie, Patti Smith, Lee Scratch Perry, Morrissey, Jarvis Cocker, Nick Cave, Scott Walker, John Peel and Ornette Coleman. The festival has been held annually since 1993, except in 2006 when the Royal Festival Hall was closed for refurbishment. In 2016 Guy Garvey, lead singer of Elbow, 6 Music DJ, presenter of BBC iPlayer's Mus.
8/28	==DB== Meltdown.lastAlbum Funny Valentine.nextAlbum Lonely Heart.Meltdown (Massacre album).Meltdown is the third album by avant-rock, experimental power trio Massacre. The line-up for this album featured Fred Frith (guitar), Bill Laswell (bass guitar) and Charles Hayward (drums). It was recorded live at Robert Wyatt's 2001 Meltdown Festival in the Queen Elizabeth Hall, London on June 17, 2001..comment Meltdown is the third album by avant-rock, experimental power trio Massacre. The line-up for this album featured Fred Frith (guitar), Bill Laswell (bass guitar) and Charles Hayward (drums). It was recorded live at Robert Wyatt's 2001 Meltdown Festival in the Queen Elizabeth Hall, London on June 17, 2001..
9/28	==DB== Mutational meltdown.Mutational meltdown (not to be confused with the concept of an error catastrophe) is the accumulation of harmful mutations in a small population, which leads to loss of fitness and decline of the population size, which may lead to further accumulation of deleterious mutations due to fixation by genetic drift. A population experiencing mutational meltdown is trapped in a downward spiral and will go extinct if the phenomenon lasts for some time. Usually, the deleterious mutations would simply be selected away, but during mutational meltdown, the number of individuals thus suffering an early death is too large relative to overall population size so that mortality exceeds the birth rate. The accumulation of mutations in small populations can be divided into three phases. In the second phase a population starts in mutation/selection equilibrium, mutations are fixed at a constant rate through time, and the population size is constant because the fecundity exceeds mortality. However, after a sufficient number of mutations have been fixed in the population, the birth rate is slightly less than the death rate, and the population size begins to decrease. The smaller population size allows for a more rapid fixation of deleterious mutations, and a more rapid decline of population size, etc..comment Mutational meltdown (not to be confused with the concept of an error catastrophe) is the accumulation of harmful mutations in a small population, which leads to loss of fitness and decline of the population size, which may lead to further accumulation of deleterious mutations due to fixation by genetic drift..
10/28	==DB== Meltdown: Days of Destruction.Meltdown: Days of Destruction is a 2006 television film. It primarily concerns social breakdown, combat, and personal relationships during a heat wave of 110-140 degrees Fahrenheit..comment Meltdown: Days of Destruction is a 2006 television film. It primarily concerns social breakdown, combat, and personal relationships during a heat wave of 110-140 degrees Fahrenheit..
11/28	==DB== Meltdown (Timbaland song).
12/28	==SS== To melt a metal, especially so that it can be remade into something else.
13/28	==DB== Meltdown (Farscape episode).
14/28	==DB== Meltdown.*.released 2013-11-22.lastAlbum Global Warming.nextAlbum Globalization.Meltdown (EP).Meltdown is an extended play (EP) by American rapper Pitbull, released on November 22, 2013 through Mr. 305, Polo Grounds, and RCA Records..comment Meltdown is an extended play (EP) by American rapper Pitbull, released on November 22, 2013 through Mr. 305, Polo Grounds, and RCA Records..
15/28	==DB== title Meltdown.Meltdown (1986 video game).Meltdown is a 1986 isometric computer game developed by Alligata Software for the Amstrad CPC. There are two English language versions, a 64k version with a little basic speech synthesis and a 128k version featuring much more speech synthesis. A version was also released in French called Le Syndrome..comment Meltdown is a 1986 isometric computer game developed by Alligata Software for the Amstrad CPC. There are two English language versions, a 64k version with a little basic speech synthesis and a 128k version featuring much more speech synthesis. A version was also released in French called Le Syndrome..
16/28	==DB== Meltdown.producer John Taylor.lastAlbum :Résumé.nextAlbum The Japan Album.Meltdown (John Taylor album).Meltdown is the second solo album released by John Taylor..comment Meltdown is the second solo album released by John Taylor..
17/28	==DB== Meltdown.Meltdown (2004 film).Meltdown (also known as American Meltdown) is television film directed by Jeremiah Chechik, which aired on FOX on 6 June 2004. The action-drama-thriller film is about the terrorist take-over of the fictional San Juan Nuclear Plant in southern California..comment Meltdown (also known as American Meltdown) is television film directed by Jeremiah Chechik, which aired on FOX on 6 June 2004. The action-drama-thriller film is about the terrorist take-over of the fictional San Juan Nuclear Plant in southern California..
18/28	==DB== Meltdown.producer Vinnie Moore.lastAlbum Time Odyssey.nextAlbum Out of Nowhere.recorded November 1990 at Millbrook Sound Studios in Millbrook, New York.Meltdown (Vinnie Moore album).Meltdown is the third studio album by guitarist Vinnie Moore, released in 1991 through Relativity Records..comment Meltdown is the third studio album by guitarist Vinnie Moore, released in 1991 through Relativity Records..
19/28	==DB== Meltdown Records.Meltdown Records was a small independent record label established by Massey University student Peter Shepherd in Palmerston North, New Zealand in 1985. The first recording was by a band called Dosage B which was led by Jeremy Corbett who subsequently became a well known radio host in New Zealand. Meltdown released 10 records in a 4-year period including an EP by The Remarkables and an album by Three Leaning Men titled Fun in the Key of E, both early bands of New Zealand musician Alan Gregg. Another highlight was an EP by the Pterodactyls which featured ex Chills member Martin Kean..comment Meltdown Records was a small independent record label established by Massey University student Peter Shepherd in Palmerston North, New Zealand in 1985. The first recording was by a band called Dosage B which was led by Jeremy Corbett who subsequently became a well known radio host in New Zealand. Meltdown released 10 records in a 4-year period including an EP by The Remarkables and an album by Three Leaning Men titled Fun in the Key of E, both early bands of New Zealand musician Alan Gregg. Another highlight was an EP by the Pterodactyls which featured ex Chills member Martin Kean..
20/28	==DB== Nuclear meltdown."Nuclear meltdown" is an informal term for a severe nuclear reactor accident that results in core damage from overheating. The term is not officially defined by the International Atomic Energy Agency or by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. However, it has been defined to mean the accidental melting of the core of a nuclear reactor, and is in common usage a reference to the core's either complete or partial collapse. "Core melt accident" and "partial core melt" are the analogous technical terms for a meltdown. A core melt accident occurs when the heat generated by a nuclear reactor exceeds the heat removed by the cooling systems to the point where at least one nuclear fuel element exceeds its melting point. This differs from a fuel element failure, which is not caused by high temperatures. A meltdown may be caused by a loss of coolant, loss of coolant pressure, or low coolant flow rate or be the result of a criticality excursion in which the reactor is operated at a power level that exceeds its design limits. Alternately, in a reactor plant such as the RBMK-1000, an external fire may endanger the core, leading to a meltdown. Once the fuel elements of a reactor begin to melt, the fuel cladding has been breached, and the nuclear fuel (such as uranium, plutonium, or thorium) and fission products (such as cesium-137, krypton-85, or iodine-131) within the fuel elements can leach out into the coolant. Subsequent failures can permit these radioisotopes to breach further layers of containment. Superheated steam and hot metal inside the core can lead to fuel-coolant interactions, hydrogen explosions, or water hammer, any of which could destroy parts of the containment. A meltdown is considered very serious because of the potential for radioactive materials to breach all containment and escape (or be released) into the environment, resulting in radioactive contamination and fallout, and potentially leading to radiation poisoning of people and animals nearby..comment "Nuclear meltdown" is an informal term for a severe nuclear reactor accident that results in core damage from overheating. The term is not officially defined by the International Atomic Energy Agency or by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. However, it has been defined to mean the accidental melting of the core of a nuclear reactor, and is in common usage a reference to the core's either complete or partial collapse. "Core melt accident" and "partial core melt" are the analogous technical terms for a meltdown..
21/28	==DB== Ice Age: The Meltdown.distributor 20.runtime 5460.0.country United States.length 3778.0.budget 8.0E7.released 2006-03-28.gross 6.609E8.lastAlbum Mr. & Mrs. Smith.nextAlbum United 93.Ice Age: The Meltdown.Ice Age: The Meltdown (also known as Ice Age 2: The Meltdown or simply as Ice Age 2) is a 2006 American computer-animated comedy adventure film and the first sequel to the 2002 computer-animated film Ice Age. It was produced by Blue Sky Studios for 20th Century Fox, and premiered in Belgium on March 1, 2006. It was eventually released in 70 countries, with the last release being in China, on June 9, 2006. It was directed by Carlos Saldanha, co-director of the original Ice Age, and the music was composed by John Powell. Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary and Chris Wedge reprise their roles of Manny, Sid, Diego and Scrat. They are joined by Queen Latifah, Seann William Scott and Josh Peck. The plot focuses on the herd escaping an upcoming flood, during which Manny finds love. The Meltdown received mixed critical reaction but was a box office success by earning over $660 million. Three more sequels were released — Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs in 2009, Ice Age: Continental Drift in 2012 and a Ice Age: Collision Course in 2016..comment Ice Age: The Meltdown (also known as Ice Age 2: The Meltdown or simply as Ice Age 2) is a 2006 American computer-animated comedy adventure film and the first sequel to the 2002 computer-animated film Ice Age. It was produced by Blue Sky Studios for 20th Century Fox, and premiered in Belgium on March 1, 2006. It was eventually released in 70 countries, with the last release being in China, on June 9, 2006. It was directed by Carlos Saldanha, co-director of the original Ice Age, and the music was composed by John Powell. Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary and Chris Wedge reprise their roles of Manny, Sid, Diego and Scrat. They are joined by Queen Latifah, Seann William Scott and Josh Peck. The plot focuses on the herd escaping an upcoming flood, during which Manny finds love..
22/28	==DB== Meltdown (film).
23/28	==DB== Meltdown.producer Lucas Bryce.writer Stephen Aiello, Joshua E. Baker, Mark Holman, Jasen Rauch, Joseph Rickard, Brian Welch.length 246.0.released 2013-08-13.lastSingle "The Abandoning".nextSingle "Lo Lamento".Meltdown (Love and Death song)."Meltdown" is the third single from Between Here & Lost, the debut studio album from heavy metal band Love and Death. The song (along with "The Abandoning") is to be remixed by Jasen Rauch in preparation for the September 24, 2013 re-release of Between Here & Lost as a "deluxe" edition containing a new song entitled "Empty". The song peaked at No. 14 on US Christ Rock, with a music video of the song released on August 13, 2013..comment "Meltdown" is the third single from Between Here & Lost, the debut studio album from heavy metal band Love and Death. The song (along with "The Abandoning") is to be remixed by Jasen Rauch in preparation for the September 24, 2013 re-release of Between Here & Lost as a "deluxe" edition containing a new song entitled "Empty". The song peaked at No. 14 on US Christ Rock, with a music video of the song released on August 13, 2013..
24/28	==DB== Meltdown (JAG).
25/28	==DB== Meltdown.length 2544.0.released 2004-05-17.released 2005-03-08.lastAlbum Intergalactic Sonic 7″s.nextAlbum Twilight of the Innocents.Meltdown (Ash album).Meltdown is the fourth studio album by Ash, which was initially released on 17 May 2004 through Infectious Records. On 8 March 2005 the album was released in the United States. It is a darker and heavier sounding record than Free All Angels..comment Meltdown is the fourth studio album by Ash, which was initially released on 17 May 2004 through Infectious Records. On 8 March 2005 the album was released in the United States. It is a darker and heavier sounding record than Free All Angels..
26/28	==DB== Meltdown (Red Dwarf)."Meltdown" is the sixth, and final, episode of science fiction sitcom Red Dwarf Series IV and the twenty-fourth episode in the series run. It was first broadcast on the British television channel BBC2 on 21 March 1991. Written by Rob Grant and Doug Naylor, and directed by Ed Bye. The episode, featuring Wax-Droids of famous historical figures involved in a war of good versus evil, was originally supposed to open the series but was postponed due to the Gulf War conflict..comment "Meltdown" is the sixth, and final, episode of science fiction sitcom Red Dwarf Series IV and the twenty-fourth episode in the series run. It was first broadcast on the British television channel BBC2 on 21 March 1991. Written by Rob Grant and Doug Naylor, and directed by Ed Bye. The episode, featuring Wax-Droids of famous historical figures involved in a war of good versus evil, was originally supposed to open the series but was postponed due to the Gulf War conflict..
27/28	==DB== Meltdown (The Batman).
28/28	==DB== Meltdown.released 2014-11-17.artist Stromae featuring Lorde, Pusha T, Q-Tip and HAIM.album The Hunger Games:Mockingjay, Part 1]].Meltdown (Stromae song)."Meltdown" is a track from the soundtrack album The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1 – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack of the motion picture The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 and is by Belgian artist Stromae. The song features additional vocals by New Zealand singer Lorde, the American hip hop artist Pusha T, American rapper Q-Tip and the rock band HAIM. The song is a re-recorded version of "Merci", an instrumental track from Stromae's second studio album Racine Carrée. "Meltdown" was released on 17 November 2014 and initially has charted in Belgium and France. "Meltdown" is the first track appearing in the album..comment "Meltdown" is a track from the soundtrack album The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1 – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack of the motion picture The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 and is by Belgian artist Stromae. The song features additional vocals by New Zealand singer Lorde, the American hip hop artist Pusha T, American rapper Q-Tip and the rock band HAIM. The song is a re-recorded version of "Merci", an instrumental track from Stromae's second studio album Racine Carrée..
===182	mixed up	4
1/4	==DB== Mixed Up: I've Remix Style.released 2004-12-29.lastAlbum Short Circuit.nextAlbum Collective.Mixed Up (I've Sound album).Mixed Up: I've Remix Style is a remix album by Japanese music production unit I've Sound. It was released on December 29, 2004 at the 2004 winter Comic Market event. Each of the I've Sound composers contribute to the rearrangement of one or more of the ten tracks performed by ten different singers..comment Mixed Up: I've Remix Style is a remix album by Japanese music production unit I've Sound. It was released on December 29, 2004 at the 2004 winter Comic Market event. Each of the I've Sound composers contribute to the rearrangement of one or more of the ten tracks performed by ten different singers..
2/4	==DB== Mixed Up.length 4384.0.length 4872.0.released 1990-11-20.lastAlbum Standing on a Beach.nextAlbum Galore.recorded 1989.Mixed Up (The Cure album).Mixed Up is a 1990 remix album by The Cure. The songs are remixes of some of their hits, reflecting the popularity of remixing of existing songs and dance culture of the late 1980s and early 1990s. Most of the songs are extended mixes. Several had been previously released on 12" singles, but some are completely remade, with Smith recutting vocals due to the original tapes not being available. The record closes with the extended version of a new single, "Never Enough". The remix of "Pictures of You" was originally released under the title "(Strange Mix)". In an interview featured on the Trilogy DVD, singer Robert Smith described the remix album as something "fun after the doom and gloom of Disintegration". The Cure also released some other new mixes as the b-sides of the singles from Mixed Up: the first single, "Never Enough", featured a remix of "Let's Go To Bed", entitled "Let's Go To Bed (Milk Mix)" (on the 12", cassette and CD versions), as well as a new song, "Harold and Joe", while the second single, "Close to Me (Remix)" contained "Just Like Heaven (Dizzy Mix)" (on all formats) and "Primary (Red Mix)" (on the 12", CD and cassette versions) as b-sides, the third single, "A Forest (Tree Mix)" contained the original version of the song and "Inbetween Days (Shiver Mix)" (only on 5inch CD) as b-sides..comment Mixed Up is a 1990 remix album by The Cure. The songs are remixes of some of their hits, reflecting the popularity of remixing of existing songs and dance culture of the late 1980s and early 1990s. Most of the songs are extended mixes. Several had been previously released on 12" singles, but some are completely remade, with Smith recutting vocals due to the original tapes not being available. The record closes with the extended version of a new single, "Never Enough". The remix of "Pictures of You" was originally released under the title "(Strange Mix)". In an interview featured on the Trilogy DVD, singer Robert Smith described the remix album as something "fun after the doom and gloom of Disintegration"..
3/4	==DB== Mixed Up.lastAlbum Twenty First Century Skinned.Mixed Up (Praga Khan album).Mixed Up is the second remix album by Praga Khan. It was released in 2001..comment Mixed Up is the second remix album by Praga Khan. It was released in 2001..
4/4	==SS== 
===183	move on	15
1/15	==DB== title Move On.season 1.airdate 2005-01-09.episode 11.guests * Doug Savant as Tom Scavo * Christine Estabrook as Martha Huber * Shawn Pyfrom as Andrew Van de Kamp * Harriet Sansom Harris as Felicia Tilman * Richard Burgi as Karl Mayer * Roger Bart as George Williams * Marla Sokoloff as Claire * Shawn Doyle as Mr. Hartley * Conor O'Farrell as Detective Copeland * Phil Reeves as Mickey Gibb * Joy Lauren as Danielle Van de Kamp * Lucille Soong as Yao Lin * Pat Crawford Brown as Ida Greenberg * Chelsea Colwell as Julie's Friend #1 * David Manning as Pianist * Ashley Rose Orr as Julie's Friend #2 * Robert Dolan as Police Officer * Kyle T. Heffner as Head Volunteer * Tara Karsian as Sarah * Gwen McGee as Woman.Move On (Desperate Housewives)."Move On" is the 11th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives. The episode was the 11th episode for the show's first season. The episode was written by David Schnuler and was directed by John David Coles. It originally aired on Sunday January 9, 2005..comment "Move On" is the 11th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives. The episode was the 11th episode for the show's first season. The episode was written by David Schnuler and was directed by John David Coles. It originally aired on Sunday January 9, 2005..
2/15	==DB== Move On (4th Avenue Jones song).
3/15	==DB== Move On: The Road Movie Inspired by You.runtime 8400.0.country Denmark.country Germany.country Croatia.country Hungary.country Slovakia.Move On (2012 film).Move On is an international film project from 2012 directed by Asger Leth in collaboration with Deutsche Telekom AG. The leading actor is Mads Mikkelsen, who is supported by German actress Alexandra Maria Lara and newly discovered Slovak actress Gabriela Marcinkova. At www.move-on-film.com, a new episode of the movie appeared each week, and since its world premiere on 6 November 2012 in Berlin, all eight episodes can be viewed there..comment Move On is an international film project from 2012 directed by Asger Leth in collaboration with Deutsche Telekom AG. The leading actor is Mads Mikkelsen, who is supported by German actress Alexandra Maria Lara and newly discovered Slovak actress Gabriela Marcinkova. At www.move-on-film.com, a new episode of the movie appeared each week, and since its world premiere on 6 November 2012 in Berlin, all eight episodes can be viewed there..
4/15	==DB== Move On.producer James Brown.writer James Brown.(75286).format 7".bSide "You Are My Everything".lastSingle "Gimme Your Love".nextSingle "Can't Get Any Harder".(So Tired of Standing Still We Got to) Move On."(So Tired of Standing Still We Got to) Move On", titled simply "Move On" in some releases, is a song written and recorded by James Brown. It appeared as the lead track on his 1991 album Love Over-Due and was released as a single which charted #48 R&B. Rolling Stone praised the song for its "slapping guitar groove"..comment "(So Tired of Standing Still We Got to) Move On", titled simply "Move On" in some releases, is a song written and recorded by James Brown. It appeared as the lead track on his 1991 album Love Over-Due and was released as a single which charted #48 R&B. Rolling Stone praised the song for its "slapping guitar groove"..
5/15	==DB== Move On.writer David Jordan, John Holliday.length 240.0.released 2008-05-04.released 2008-05-12.lastSingle "Sun Goes Down".Move On (David Jordan song)."Move On" is the second chart single from David Jordan, taken from his first album Set the Mood. "Move On" peaked at number 68 on the UK Singles Chart..comment "Move On" is the second chart single from David Jordan, taken from his first album Set the Mood. "Move On" peaked at number 68 on the UK Singles Chart..
6/15	==DB== Move On.producer The Warren Brothers, Chris Farren.length 195.0.released 2000-10-14.bSide "Where Does It Hurt".lastSingle "That's the Beat of a Heart".nextSingle "Where Does It Hurt".Move On (The Warren Brothers song)."Move On" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music duo The Warren Brothers. It was released in October 2000 as the second single from the album King of Nothing. The song reached #17 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was written by Brad Warren, Brett Warren and Danny Wilde..comment "Move On" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music duo The Warren Brothers. It was released in October 2000 as the second single from the album King of Nothing. The song reached #17 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was written by Brad Warren, Brett Warren and Danny Wilde..
7/15	==SS== To leave somewhere for another place.{{ux|en|After spending the night resting in an abandoned church, the group decided to '''move on''' in their quest.}} 
8/15	==DB== Move On.producer J.Y.Park, Kwon Tae-Eun.length 264.0.released 2006-09-06.bSide Up in the Club.lastSingle "Free Way".Move On (Rain song)."Move On" is the third Japanese single from Rain..comment "Move On" is the third Japanese single from Rain..
9/15	==DB== Move On (David Bowie song).
10/15	==DB== Move On.language English intertitles.Move On (1917 film).Move On is a 1917 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. A print survives in the Museum of Modern Art film archive..comment Move On is a 1917 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. A print survives in the Museum of Modern Art film archive..
11/15	==DB== Move On.writer D. Jaymes, Mullins, Tony Visconti.lastSingle "Burn It!".nextSingle "That's What Friends Are For".Move On (Modern Romance song)."Move On" is a single by UK band Modern Romance. It was released in 1984 as a 7-inch single and 12-inch single by RCA Records and was produced by Tony Visconti. It is taken from their studio album Burn It! (1984) as is the B-side, "That's Entertainment"..comment "Move On" is a single by UK band Modern Romance. It was released in 1984 as a 7-inch single and 12-inch single by RCA Records and was produced by Tony Visconti. It is taken from their studio album Burn It! (1984) as is the B-side, "That's Entertainment"..
12/15	==DB== Move On (Jonas Brothers song).
13/15	==DB== Move On.runtime 60.0.Move On (1903 film).Move On is a 1903 American film directed by Alfred C. Abadie. The film was preserved by the Library of Congress..comment Move On is a 1903 American film directed by Alfred C. Abadie. The film was preserved by the Library of Congress..
14/15	==DB== Move On (ABBA song)."Move On" (working titles Yippee Yay, Big John, Joanne, Love for Me Is Love Forever) is a waltz song recorded by the Swedish music group ABBA for their 1977 release, ABBA: The Album. The lead vocals were performed by Björn Ulvaeus in the spoken first verse and by Agnetha Fältskog in the second and third verses. The Spanish version of "Move On", "Al Andar" (or "El Andar"), was recorded in January 1980 for ABBA's Spanish language album Gracias Por La Música with Spanish lyrics by Buddy and Mary McClusky..comment "Move On" (working titles Yippee Yay, Big John, Joanne, Love for Me Is Love Forever) is a waltz song recorded by the Swedish music group ABBA for their 1977 release, ABBA: The Album. The lead vocals were performed by Björn Ulvaeus in the spoken first verse and by Agnetha Fältskog in the second and third verses. The Spanish version of "Move On", "Al Andar" (or "El Andar"), was recorded in January 1980 for ABBA's Spanish language album Gracias Por La Música with Spanish lyrics by Buddy and Mary McClusky..
15/15	==DB== Move On (No Doubt song).
===184	night out	8
1/8	==DB== Night Out.length 2244.0.released 1979-06-21.nextAlbum Spirit of St. Louis.Night Out (album).Night Out is the 1979 debut studio album by Ellen Foley..comment Night Out is the 1979 debut studio album by Ellen Foley..
2/8	==DB== Boys Night Out (disambiguation).
3/8	==DB== The Night Out.producer Martin Solveig.writer Martin Solveig.length 255.0.released 2012-04-02.lastSingle "Big in Japan".nextSingle "Hey Now".The Night Out."The Night Out" is a song by French DJ and record producer Martin Solveig from his fifth studio album, Smash (2011). The song was released as the album's fourth and final single on 2 April 2012. The track has charted in Belgium and Germany..comment "The Night Out" is a song by French DJ and record producer Martin Solveig from his fifth studio album, Smash (2011). The song was released as the album's fourth and final single on 2 April 2012. The track has charted in Belgium and Germany..
4/8	==DB== Night Out.writer Lawrence Johnston.runtime 3000.0.Night Out (film).Night Out is a 1989 Australian drama film directed by Lawrence Johnston. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival..comment Night Out is a 1989 Australian drama film directed by Lawrence Johnston. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival..
5/8	==DB== title Night Out.season 4.airdate 2008-04-24.episode 15.Night Out (The Office)."Night Out" is the fifteenth episode of the fourth season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's sixty-eighth episode overall. The episode was written by Mindy Kaling and directed by Ken Whittingham. It first aired in the United States on April 24, 2008 on NBC. "Night Out" was viewed by a measured audience of over 7.5 million people, bringing in the lowest number of estimated viewers that The Office received among 12 episodes. "Night Out" received mixed reviews from critics. In the episode, Michael and Dwight travel to New York City to party with Ryan. Ryan starts acting erratically, and it is revealed that he is under the influence of drugs. Meanwhile, the remaining employees are going to be forced to work on a Saturday. Jim proposes that they work late on Friday, so they do not have to come in the next day. Once Jim and his co-workers finish working, they find that they are locked in, and everyone quickly places the blame on Jim..comment "Night Out" is the fifteenth episode of the fourth season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's sixty-eighth episode overall. The episode was written by Mindy Kaling and directed by Ken Whittingham. It first aired in the United States on April 24, 2008 on NBC. "Night Out" was viewed by a measured audience of over 7.5 million people, bringing in the lowest number of estimated viewers that The Office received among 12 episodes. "Night Out" received mixed reviews from critics..
6/8	==SS== Going away from one's usual residence for an entire night, and returning the next day.
7/8	==DB== Night Out (song).
8/8	==DB== Girls' Night Out (disambiguation).
===185	party up	2
1/2	==DB== Party Up (song).
2/2	==DB== Party Up.released 2000-06-06.format 12.lastSingle "What These Bitches Want".Party Up (Up in Here)."Party Up (Up in Here)" is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX, released as the second single from his third album ...And Then There Was X (1999) and is his highest charting and most successful single ever. There are three versions of the song: an explicit/album version; a censored album version, and a radio/video edit version.The song was voted number 56 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of the '00s..comment "Party Up (Up in Here)" is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX, released as the second single from his third album ...And Then There Was X (1999) and is his highest charting and most successful single ever. There are three versions of the song: an explicit/album version; a censored album version, and a radio/video edit version.The song was voted number 56 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of the '00s..
===186	pin up	3
1/3	==SS== To put (e.g. a sheet of paper) on display, using a .
2/3	==DB== Pin-Up Magazine.PIN–UP is a biannual English language architecture and design magazine based in New York. It was founded in 2006 by architect and writer Felix Burrichter..comment PIN–UP is a biannual English language architecture and design magazine based in New York. It was founded in 2006 by architect and writer Felix Burrichter..
3/3	==DB== Pin-up.
===187	power up	3
1/3	==SS== To turn the electrical power on to a device as a precondition to make it operational.''Every morning he '''powered up''' his electronic devices, even before making coffee.'' 
2/3	==DB== type 501.POWER UP.POWER UP (the "Professional Organization of Women in Entertainment Reaching Up") is an American non-profit organization and film production company with the stated mission "to promote the visibility and integration of gay women in entertainment, the arts, and all forms of media". It was founded in 2000 by K. Pearson Brown, Stacy Codikow and Amy Shomer. Its members include women and men, gay and straight. POWER UP provides funding and assistance to filmmakers, as well as producing its own films. After several short films, its first feature film was the comedy Itty Bitty Titty Committee directed by Jamie Babbit. In 2004, POWER UP was awarded the Leadership Award by the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force. In 2001 K. Pearson Brown, one of the founding members, brought a sexual harassment suit against another founding member, Stacey Codikow. Codikow counter-sued alleging that Brown had made sexual overtures towards her and accusing Brown of defamation. Codikow also demanded Brown's resignation on the grounds that she was bisexual, and Brown later resigned. Both suits were dropped in late 2002..comment POWER UP (the "Professional Organization of Women in Entertainment Reaching Up") is an American non-profit organization and film production company with the stated mission "to promote the visibility and integration of gay women in entertainment, the arts, and all forms of media". It was founded in 2000 by K. Pearson Brown, Stacy Codikow and Amy Shomer. Its members include women and men, gay and straight..
3/3	==DB== Power Up.
===188	pull over	4
1/4	==DB== Pullover (TV series).
2/4	==DB== Pullover (exercise).The pullover is an exercise that is performed with either a dumbbell or a barbell. Pullovers can be made to affect either the chest or the back depending on how wide the grip is (barbell) and the position of the shoulders. A research done on the pullover movement using a barbell suggested more effect on the Pectoralis major muscle as compare to the Latisimus dorsi..comment The pullover is an exercise that is performed with either a dumbbell or a barbell. Pullovers can be made to affect either the chest or the back depending on how wide the grip is (barbell) and the position of the shoulders. A research done on the pullover movement using a barbell suggested more effect on the Pectoralis major muscle as compare to the Latisimus dorsi..
3/4	==DB== Pullover Productions.Pullover Productions Ltd was a television production company responsible for a number of UK children's programmes in the 1980s. The company specialised in puppetry using black light theatre techniques, particularly animating everyday objects such as umbrellas, dishcloths, balls or shoes..comment Pullover Productions Ltd was a television production company responsible for a number of UK children's programmes in the 1980s. The company specialised in puppetry using black light theatre techniques, particularly animating everyday objects such as umbrellas, dishcloths, balls or shoes..
4/4	==SS== To come to a stop, and turn off the road (i.e. onto the roadside or hard shoulder).''Can you '''pull over''' just after the post office? My house is next door.'' 
===189	push over	4
1/4	==SS== To push something such that it falls
2/4	==DB== title Pushover.Pushover (video game).Pushover is a platform puzzle game developed by Red Rat Software and published by Ocean Software in 1992 for the Amiga, Atari ST, DOS and Super NES. The game was sponsored by Smiths' British snack Quavers (now owned by Walkers), and the plot revolves around the then Quavers mascot 'Colin Curly' losing his Quavers packets down a giant ant hill. The player is tasked with controlling 'G.I. Ant', a large soldier ant, to recover the Quavers by solving a series of puzzles. The SNES version lacks the Quavers branding, and instead the aim is to recover bundles of cash dropped down the ant hill by Captain Rat..comment Pushover is a platform puzzle game developed by Red Rat Software and published by Ocean Software in 1992 for the Amiga, Atari ST, DOS and Super NES. The game was sponsored by Smiths' British snack Quavers (now owned by Walkers), and the plot revolves around the then Quavers mascot 'Colin Curly' losing his Quavers packets down a giant ant hill. The player is tasked with controlling 'G.I. Ant', a large soldier ant, to recover the Quavers by solving a series of puzzles. The SNES version lacks the Quavers branding, and instead the aim is to recover bundles of cash dropped down the ant hill by Captain Rat..
3/4	==DB== Pushover.runtime 5280.0.budget 400000.0.Pushover (film).Pushover is a 1954 American film noir crime film directed by Richard Quine starring Fred MacMurray, Philip Carey and Kim Novak in her first credited role. The motion picture was adapted from two novels, The Night Watch by Thomas Walsh and Rafferty by William S. Ballinger..comment Pushover is a 1954 American film noir crime film directed by Richard Quine starring Fred MacMurray, Philip Carey and Kim Novak in her first credited role. The motion picture was adapted from two novels, The Night Watch by Thomas Walsh and Rafferty by William S. Ballinger..
4/4	==DB== Pushover EP.
===190	rain down	3
1/3	==DB== Rain Down!.producer Paul Mills, Alvin Slaughter, Chris Thomason , Don Moen.length 4210.0.lastAlbum Yes (Alvin Slaughter album).nextAlbum On The Inside.Rain Down (album).Rain Down! is the fourth contemporary worship music album originally released in the U.S with worship leader Alvin Slaughter by Integrity/Hosanna! Music. The album was released in 2000. Recorded live during worship experiences from Tennessee to New York to Trinidad, “Rain Down” features hundreds of worshipers from varying Denominations. Ranging in style, you'll find its contemporary sound nothing short of anointed. Whether it's the quick beat of "I Believe The Promise," the island sounds of "Speak Lord," or the impassioned title track "Rain Down," you'll rejoice to the universal sound of worship..comment Rain Down! is the fourth contemporary worship music album originally released in the U.S with worship leader Alvin Slaughter by Integrity/Hosanna! Music. The album was released in 2000. Recorded live during worship experiences from Tennessee to New York to Trinidad, “Rain Down” features hundreds of worshipers from varying Denominations. Ranging in style, you'll find its contemporary sound nothing short of anointed. Whether it's the quick beat of "I Believe The Promise," the island sounds of "Speak Lord," or the impassioned title track "Rain Down," you'll rejoice to the universal sound of worship..
2/3	==SS== To fall from the sky as, or like, rain.
3/3	==DB== Rain Down.producer Delirious?.length 290.0.released 2002-01-29.Rain Down (song)."Rain Down" is the second track on the Christian rock band Delirious?'s fifth album, World Service, released in 2002. Written by the band's lead vocalist, Martin Smith and lead guitarist, Stuart Garrard, "Rain Down" reached number 28 on the U.S. charts..comment "Rain Down" is the second track on the Christian rock band Delirious?'s fifth album, World Service, released in 2002. Written by the band's lead vocalist, Martin Smith and lead guitarist, Stuart Garrard, "Rain Down" reached number 28 on the U.S. charts..
===191	reach out	12
1/12	==DB== Reach Out.producer Giorgio Moroder.writer Giorgio Moroder, Richie Zito, Paul Engemann.length 223.0.released 1984-08-25.bSide "Reach Out ".nextSingle "Together in Electric Dreams".Reach Out (Giorgio Moroder song).Reach Out is a 1984 song by Giorgio Moroder, which was the soundtrack of the 1984 Summer Olympics and sung by Paul Engemann. It was later included on Moroder's 1985 album Innovisions. The song is an encouragement for the athletes to win..comment Reach Out is a 1984 song by Giorgio Moroder, which was the soundtrack of the 1984 Summer Olympics and sung by Paul Engemann. It was later included on Moroder's 1985 album Innovisions. The song is an encouragement for the athletes to win..
2/12	==SS== To extend one's hand(s) forward.''He '''reached out''' to catch the falling snowflake.'' 
3/12	==DB== Reach Out.nextAlbum Yesterday's Dreams.Reach Out (Four Tops album).Reach Out is an album recorded by the Four Tops, issued on Motown Records in July 1967. It was the final Four Tops LP to be produced by Motown's main songwriting and production team, Holland–Dozier–Holland, who departed the label in late 1967 over money disputes. The group's most successful studio LP, Reach Out includes six of the Four Tops' Top 20 singles: the #1 hit "Reach Out I'll Be There", the Top 10 singles "Standing in the Shadows of Love", "Bernadette", the Top 20 "7-Rooms of Gloom", and their Top 20 covers of Tim Hardin's "If I Were a Carpenter" and the Left Banke's "Walk Away Renée") both of which reached the UK Top 10. Rounding out the LP are a pair of Monkees covers ("Last Train to Clarksville" and "I'm a Believer"), a cover of The Association's "Cherish", and the originals "Wonderful Baby" and "What Else Is There to Do (But Think About You)". Reach Out was followed one month later by a Four Tops' Greatest Hits album, which contained all of the group's hit singles to that point. With The Supremes I Hear a Symphony and Reach Out album releases, Motown forever confirmed that they were a major crossover player, never to be thought of as simply an R&B indie only under Berry Gordy's reign..comment Reach Out is an album recorded by the Four Tops, issued on Motown Records in July 1967. It was the final Four Tops LP to be produced by Motown's main songwriting and production team, Holland–Dozier–Holland, who departed the label in late 1967 over money disputes. With The Supremes I Hear a Symphony and Reach Out album releases, Motown forever confirmed that they were a major crossover player, never to be thought of as simply an R&B indie only under Berry Gordy's reign..
4/12	==DB== Reach Out I'll Be There.length 181.0.released 1966-08-18.artist the Four Tops.recorded Hitsville U.S.A. ; 1966.format 7.0.bSide "Until You Love Someone".certification Gold.lastSingle "Loving You Is Sweeter Than Ever".nextSingle "Standing in the Shadows of Love".Reach Out I'll Be There."Reach Out I'll Be There" (also formatted as "Reach Out (I'll Be There)") is a 1966 song recorded by the Four Tops for the Motown label. Written and produced by Motown's main production team Holland–Dozier–Holland, the song is one of the most well-known Motown tunes of the 1960s and is today considered The Tops' signature song. It was the number one song on the Rhythm & Blues charts for two weeks, and on the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks, from October 15–22, 1966. It replaced "Cherish" by The Association, and was itself replaced by "96 Tears" by Question Mark & the Mysterians. Billboard ranked the record as the no. 4 song for 1966. Rolling Stone later ranked this version #206 on their list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time". This version is also currently ranked as the 56th best song of all time, as well as the #4 song of 1966, in an aggregation of critics' lists at Acclaimed Music. The track also reached no. 1 in the UK Singles Chart, becoming Motown's second UK chart-topper after The Supremes hit no. 1 with "Baby Love" in late 1964. It had replaced Jim Reeves' "Distant Drums" at number one in October 1966 and stayed there for three weeks before being replaced by The Beach Boys' "Good Vibrations" in November..comment "Reach Out I'll Be There" (also formatted as "Reach Out (I'll Be There)") is a 1966 song recorded by the Four Tops for the Motown label. Written and produced by Motown's main production team Holland–Dozier–Holland, the song is one of the most well-known Motown tunes of the 1960s and is today considered The Tops' signature song. It was the number one song on the Rhythm & Blues charts for two weeks, and on the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks, from October 15–22, 1966. It replaced "Cherish" by The Association, and was itself replaced by "96 Tears" by Question Mark & the Mysterians. Billboard ranked the record as the no. 4 song for 1966..
5/12	==DB== Reach Out.producer Ryan "Alias" Tedder.released 2008-10-20.lastSingle "Stranger".nextSingle "Chasing the Sun".Reach Out (Hilary Duff song)."Reach Out" is a song recorded by American singer Hilary Duff for the planned re-release of her fourth studio album, Dignity (2007). It was written by Martin Gore, Ryan "Alias" Tedder, Evan Bogart, Mika Guillory and produced by Tedder. The song was released on October 20, 2008 by Hollywood Records as the first and only single from Duff's first greatest hits album, Best of Hilary Duff (2008)..comment "Reach Out" is a song recorded by American singer Hilary Duff for the planned re-release of her fourth studio album, Dignity (2007). It was written by Martin Gore, Ryan "Alias" Tedder, Evan Bogart, Mika Guillory and produced by Tedder. The song was released on October 20, 2008 by Hollywood Records as the first and only single from Duff's first greatest hits album, Best of Hilary Duff (2008)..
6/12	==DB== Reach Out.writer Robert James, Pete Comita.length 215.0.format 7".bSide I Must Be Dreamin'.nextSingle "If You Want My Love".Reach Out (Cheap Trick song)."Reach Out" is a single by American rock band Cheap Trick, released as a single from the soundtrack album for the 1981 film Heavy Metal. It was the band's only single of the year and the second of four singles from the soundtrack..comment "Reach Out" is a single by American rock band Cheap Trick, released as a single from the soundtrack album for the 1981 film Heavy Metal. It was the band's only single of the year and the second of four singles from the soundtrack..
7/12	==DB== Reach Out!.BST 84288.length 2276.0.lastAlbum Far Away Lands.nextAlbum The Flip.recorded Van Gelder Studio, Englewood Cliffs.recorded 1968-01-19.Reach Out (Hank Mobley album).Reach Out! is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on January 19, 1968 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley with Woody Shaw, George Benson, LaMont Johnson, Bob Cranshaw, and Billy Higgins..comment Reach Out! is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on January 19, 1968 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley with Woody Shaw, George Benson, LaMont Johnson, Bob Cranshaw, and Billy Higgins..
8/12	==DB== Reach Out (non-profit).
9/12	==DB== Reach Out: The Motown Record.released 2005-11-06.lastAlbum Walk the Tightrope.nextAlbum Dancing in the Street: the Songs of Motown II.Reach Out: The Motown Record.Reach Out: The Motown Record is Human Nature's fifth album released in 6 November 2005 by Sony BMG Music Entertainment. It won the 2006 ARIA Music Award for Highest Selling Album. It debuted at number #6 on the Australian ARIA Album Chart but worked its way up to #1. On the album, the band perform their own renditions of eleven soul music classics. The tracks include renditions of The Four Tops' "Reach Out I'll Be There", The Temptations' "My Girl", The Supremes' "Stop! In the Name of Love", The Jackson 5's "I'll Be There" and Marvin Gaye's "I Heard It Through the Grapevine". Produced by Paul Wiltshire for PLW Productions. Following an appearance on the New Zealand edition of Dancing With The Stars, the album debuted at #4 on the New Zealand albums chart more than a year after its release, climbing to its peak of #2 the following week. The album represented a major new musical direction for the group, which had previously performed boy-band style pop. The change re-invigorated their popularity, resulting in their best sales in a decade..comment Reach Out: The Motown Record is Human Nature's fifth album released in 6 November 2005 by Sony BMG Music Entertainment. It won the 2006 ARIA Music Award for Highest Selling Album. It debuted at number #6 on the Australian ARIA Album Chart but worked its way up to #1. On the album, the band perform their own renditions of eleven soul music classics. The tracks include renditions of The Four Tops' "Reach Out I'll Be There", The Temptations' "My Girl", The Supremes' "Stop! In the Name of Love", The Jackson 5's "I'll Be There" and Marvin Gaye's "I Heard It Through the Grapevine". Produced by Paul Wiltshire for PLW Productions. Following an appearance on the New Zealand edition of Dancing With The Stars, the album debuted at #4 on the New Zealand albums chart more than a year after its release,.
10/12	==DB== Reach Out.released 1999-03-11.lastAlbum Sea & Eugene & Shoo.nextAlbum Prime~S.E.S. The Best.Reach Out (S.E.S. album).Reach Out is a 1999 Japanese-language album by Korean girl group S.E.S., released under VAP. It was the group's first Japanese album and spawned three promotional singles..comment Reach Out is a 1999 Japanese-language album by Korean girl group S.E.S., released under VAP. It was the group's first Japanese album and spawned three promotional singles..
11/12	==DB== Reach Out.lastAlbum After the Fox.nextAlbum Casino Royale.Reach Out (1967 album).Reach Out is a 1967 album by American composer Burt Bacharach..comment Reach Out is a 1967 album by American composer Burt Bacharach..
12/12	==DB== Reach Out.length 256.0.released 2007-06-22.bSide "We All Fall Down".lastSingle "I'd Wait for Life".nextSingle "Rule the World".Reach Out (Take That song)."Reach Out" is a song from Take That's fourth album, Beautiful World, released as the album's fourth single on 22 June 2007. Reach Out was released exclusively in Europe, as an alternative to the British-only single "I'd Wait for Life"..comment "Reach Out" is a song from Take That's fourth album, Beautiful World, released as the album's fourth single on 22 June 2007. Reach Out was released exclusively in Europe, as an alternative to the British-only single "I'd Wait for Life"..
===192	rise up	18
1/18	==DB== Rise Up (Parachute Club song)."Rise Up" is a pop song recorded by the Canadian group Parachute Club on their self-titled 1983 album. It was produced and engineered by Daniel Lanois, and written by Parachute Club members Billy Bryans, Lauri Conger, Lorraine Segato and Steve Webster with lyrics contributed by filmmaker Lynne Fernie. An upbeat call for peace, celebration, and "freedom / to love who we please," the song was a national hit in Canada, and was hailed as a unique achievement in Canadian pop music: According to Segato, the song was not written with any one individual group in mind, but as a universal anthem of freedom and equality; Fernie described the song's lyrics as having been inspired in part by West Coast First Nations rituals in which young girls would "rise up" at dawn to adopt their adult names as a rite of passage. It remains the band's most famous song, and has been adopted as an activist anthem for causes as diverse as gay rights, feminism, anti-racism and the New Democratic Party. As well, the song's reggae and soca-influenced rhythms made it the first significant commercial breakthrough for Caribbean music in Canada. The song's first ever live public performance took place at the 1983 Toronto Pride parade. In 2014, the surviving band members released a contemporary dance remix of the song in conjunction with Toronto's hosting of the 2014 edition of WorldPride..comment "Rise Up" is a pop song recorded by the Canadian group Parachute Club on their self-titled 1983 album. It was produced and engineered by Daniel Lanois, and written by Parachute Club members Billy Bryans, Lauri Conger, Lorraine Segato and Steve Webster with lyrics contributed by filmmaker Lynne Fernie. An upbeat call for peace, celebration, and "freedom / to love who we please," the song was a national hit in Canada, and was hailed as a unique achievement in Canadian pop music:.
2/18	==DB== Rise Up (Beyoncé Knowles song).
3/18	==DB== song "Rise Up".prevLink Alcohol Is Free.Rise Up (Freaky Fortune song)."Rise Up" is a song by Greek duo Freaky Fortune featuring rapper RiskyKidd. It was chosen to represent Greece at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark..comment "Rise Up" is a song by Greek duo Freaky Fortune featuring rapper RiskyKidd. It was chosen to represent Greece at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark..
4/18	==DB== Rise Up.producer B-Real.producer DJ Muggs, Mike Shinoda, Tom Morello, Pete Rock, Jake One, Daron Malakian, Jim Jonsin, DJ Khalil, Sick Jacken.type Studio album.length 3716.0.length 3491.0.released 2010-04-20.lastAlbum Till Death Do Us Part.nextAlbum Cypress X Rusko.Rise Up (Cypress Hill album).Rise Up is the eighth studio album by Cypress Hill, which was released on April 20, 2010. It is their first album of new material in six years, following 2004's Till Death Do Us Part, and their first to be released on EMI's Priority Records, their first venture away from Columbia, who handled all of their previous releases..comment Rise Up is the eighth studio album by Cypress Hill, which was released on April 20, 2010. It is their first album of new material in six years, following 2004's Till Death Do Us Part, and their first to be released on EMI's Priority Records, their first venture away from Columbia, who handled all of their previous releases..
5/18	==DB== Rise Up.producer Yves Larock.length 240.0.length 168.0.released 2007-05-07.bSide Remix.Rise Up (Yves Larock song)."Rise Up" is a song co-written and recorded by Swiss DJ and producer Yves Larock, featuring vocals by Jaba (uncredited). It was released in May 2007 as the lead single from his album of the same title. To date, it is his most successful single, reaching the top ten in many European countries, including Belgium, France, the Netherlands, Finland, Italy, and Romania. Since its release, "Rise Up" has become a major hit in bars and clubs..comment "Rise Up" is a song co-written and recorded by Swiss DJ and producer Yves Larock, featuring vocals by Jaba (uncredited). It was released in May 2007 as the lead single from his album of the same title. To date, it is his most successful single, reaching the top ten in many European countries, including Belgium, France, the Netherlands, Finland, Italy, and Romania. Since its release, "Rise Up" has become a major hit in bars and clubs..
6/18	==DB== Rise Up.length 2680.0.released 2015-12-11.lastAlbum Vices and Virtues.Rise Up (Art of Dying album).'Rise Up' is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Art of Dying. It was released in December 11, 2015 digitally from Better Noise Records & Eleven Seven Music.comment 'Rise Up' is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Art of Dying. It was released in December 11, 2015 digitally from Better Noise Records & Eleven Seven Music.
7/18	==DB== Rise Up.length 222.0.released 2010-02-23.artist Cypress Hill featuring Tom Morello.lastSingle "It Ain't Nothin'".nextSingle "Armada Latina".Rise Up (Cypress Hill song)."Rise Up" is the second single from Cypress Hill's eighth studio album, Rise Up . It features guitarist Tom Morello. The song is very similar in style to Tom Morello's recently reformed band Rage Against the Machine..comment "Rise Up" is the second single from Cypress Hill's eighth studio album, Rise Up . It features guitarist Tom Morello. The song is very similar in style to Tom Morello's recently reformed band Rage Against the Machine..
8/18	==DB== Rise Up!.released 1998-11-03.lastAlbum Bobby Conn.nextAlbum Llovessonngs.Rise Up! (Bobby Conn album).Rise Up! is a 1998 concept album by Chicago-based rocker Bobby Conn released on Truckstop Records..comment Rise Up! is a 1998 concept album by Chicago-based rocker Bobby Conn released on Truckstop Records..
9/18	==DB== Rise Up.producer Axel Breitung, Mark Holden.writer Vanessa Amorosi, Axel Breitung, Mark Holden, S. Monopoly.certification Gold.trackNo 2.Rise Up (Vanessa Amorosi song)."Rise Up" is a pop song written by Vanessa Amorosi, Axel Breitung, Mark Holden and S. Monopoly, originally recorded by Vanessa Amorosi for her second album Turn to Me (2001)..comment "Rise Up" is a pop song written by Vanessa Amorosi, Axel Breitung, Mark Holden and S. Monopoly, originally recorded by Vanessa Amorosi for her second album Turn to Me (2001)..
10/18	==DB== 
11/18	==DB== Rise Up (Colors of Peace).
12/18	==DB== Rise Up.genre *.length 2514.0.released 2014-04-29.lastAlbum In It to Win It.Rise Up (Saliva album).Rise Up is the ninth studio album by American rock band Saliva. The record was released on April 29, 2014. It was also the last studio album by Saliva under Rum Bum Records and his feature bassist Dave Novotny who replaced by Brad Stewart..comment Rise Up is the ninth studio album by American rock band Saliva. The record was released on April 29, 2014. It was also the last studio album by Saliva under Rum Bum Records and his feature bassist Dave Novotny who replaced by Brad Stewart..
13/18	==SS== To rebel
14/18	==DB== Rise Up (conference).Rise Up is an annual conference run by Catholic Christian Outreach. It is the largest Catholic conference for youth in Canada, and drew 850 participants to the 2013 conference in Ottawa. Rise Up takes place every year from December 27 to January 1. It includes presentations, workshops, live worship, adoration, reconciliation, and a New Year's banquet and dance. It is designed to deepen students' spiritual life and to motivate them to share their faith with others..comment Rise Up is an annual conference run by Catholic Christian Outreach. It is the largest Catholic conference for youth in Canada, and drew 850 participants to the 2013 conference in Ottawa. Rise Up takes place every year from December 27 to January 1. It includes presentations, workshops, live worship, adoration, reconciliation, and a New Year's banquet and dance. It is designed to deepen students' spiritual life and to motivate them to share their faith with others..
15/18	==DB== Rise Up.length 2138.0.released 1980-06-20.lastAlbum Where I Should Be.nextAlbum Breaking All the Rules.recorded November 1979, The Hit Factory.recorded 1976.recorded 1980.Rise Up (Peter Frampton album).Rise Up is an album released by Peter Frampton in 1980. As Frampton stated: "This album was released in Brazil to promote our tour there in 1980 - the album eventually turned into Breaking All the Rules, released the next year."..comment Rise Up is an album released by Peter Frampton in 1980. As Frampton stated: "This album was released in Brazil to promote our tour there in 1980 - the album eventually turned into Breaking All the Rules, released the next year."..
16/18	==DB== Rise Up.producer Yves Larock.released 2008-09-26.Rise Up (Yves Larock album).Rise Up is the first album released by Yves Larock on September 26, 2008..comment Rise Up is the first album released by Yves Larock on September 26, 2008..
17/18	==DB== Rise Up (film).Rise Up is a 2007 documentary film by director and cinematographer Luciano Blotta. The film documents the world of underground music in Jamaica following the efforts of three musicians (Turbulence, Kemoy, and Ice Anastasia) to break into the mainstream, and vicariously exploring a variety of socio-cultural issues relating to poverty, violence, and post-colonial corruption. Rise Up has screened at numerous film festivals including IDFA and Hot Docs, and it won the Best Music Documentary category at the AFI/Discovery Channel Silverdocs Festival. The film also aired on the BBC and enjoyed a well received theatrical debut in Jamaica, where it was reviewed by the Jamaican Observer as the "Rise of a new Classic"..comment Rise Up is a 2007 documentary film by director and cinematographer Luciano Blotta. The film documents the world of underground music in Jamaica following the efforts of three musicians (Turbulence, Kemoy, and Ice Anastasia) to break into the mainstream, and vicariously exploring a variety of socio-cultural issues relating to poverty, violence, and post-colonial corruption..
18/18	==DB== Rise Up (Grey's Anatomy).
===193	roll on	9
1/9	==DB== Roll On.producer Alabama.length 222.0.length 261.0.released 1984-01-06.recorded 1983-11-10.format 7".bSide "Food On the Table".lastSingle "Lady Down on Love".nextSingle "When We Make Love".Roll On (Eighteen Wheeler)."Roll On (Eighteen Wheeler)" is a song written by Dave Loggins, and recorded by American country music band Alabama. It was released in January 1984 as the first single and title track to the band's album Roll On. It was the group's 12th straight No. 1 single on the Billboard magazine Hot Country Singles chart..comment "Roll On (Eighteen Wheeler)" is a song written by Dave Loggins, and recorded by American country music band Alabama. It was released in January 1984 as the first single and title track to the band's album Roll On. It was the group's 12th straight No. 1 single on the Billboard magazine Hot Country Singles chart..
2/9	==SS== To pass; to go on; to elapse.
3/9	==DB== Roll On.length 188.0.released 2001-01-22.lastSingle "Pictures in the Mirror".nextSingle "Dirty Man".Roll On (The Living End song)."Roll On" is the second single from The Living End's second album by the same title based on the 1998 Australian waterfront dispute. It reached number 15 in the ARIA Charts. The song was used in National Lampoon's Van Wilder, as well as promotional advertisements for ESPN's X-Games. It was also used by professional wrestler Nigel McGuinness as his entrance music..comment "Roll On" is the second single from The Living End's second album by the same title based on the 1998 Australian waterfront dispute. It reached number 15 in the ARIA Charts. The song was used in National Lampoon's Van Wilder, as well as promotional advertisements for ESPN's X-Games. It was also used by professional wrestler Nigel McGuinness as his entrance music..
4/9	==DB== Roll On.length 372.0.released 2008-09-23.lastSingle "All Summer Long".nextSingle "Rock n Roll Jesus".Roll On (Kid Rock song)."Roll On" is the fourth single from Kid Rock's triple-platinum album Rock n Roll Jesus. It was shipped to radio on September 23, 2008. The song failed to chart in the United States. In Germany it peaked at No. 59. The video of the song was very successful on the VH1 weekly Top 20 countdown, peaking at No. 4..comment "Roll On" is the fourth single from Kid Rock's triple-platinum album Rock n Roll Jesus. It was shipped to radio on September 23, 2008. The song failed to chart in the United States. In Germany it peaked at No. 59. The video of the song was very successful on the VH1 weekly Top 20 countdown, peaking at No. 4..
5/9	==DB== Roll On.length 2877.0.released 2000.released 2001-03-27.lastAlbum The Living End.nextAlbum Modern Artillery.recorded July 2000 in Sing Sign Studios, Melbourne.Roll On (The Living End album).Roll On is the second album by Australian rock band The Living End, released in Australia and New Zealand on EMI in 2000, and internationally on Reprise/Warner Brothers in 2001. Musically, the album marked a change from the sound of their debut album, The Living End. Roll On had a notably more polished sound (as compared to the more garage-y sound of the previous album). Horn sections featured on numerous songs, such as Uncle Harry and Killing The Right. Whereas the previous album had displayed punk and rockabilly influences (by artists such as Green Day and Stray Cats), Roll On showed more Australian rock influences, particularly artists of the 80s Pub Rock era. The album even garnered comparison, by a few critics, to seminal punk band The Clash's creative breakthrough, London Calling. The album was recorded with producer Nick Launay, who had previously worked with artists such as Silverchair and Midnight Oil. It also marked the last major work featuring drummer Travis Demsey. In the downtime following the album's release and subsequent tour, he would leave the band, to be replaced by Andy Strachan. ARIA publicised that Roll On had officially achieved 2x Platinum status in Australia in November 2007. This was a great achievement as all of their other album releases were simultaneously awarded a higher accreditation. These new figures, however, indicated that sales of Roll On had been topped by the band's fourth studio release, State Of Emergency. This now means that the Roll On album now takes the position as the band's third most successful release. The song 'Carry Me Home' from the album was also featured in the video game Guitar Hero II as a playable song..comment Roll On is the second album by Australian rock band The Living End, released in Australia and New Zealand on EMI in 2000, and internationally on Reprise/Warner Brothers in 2001. Musically, the album marked a change from the sound of their debut album, The Living End. Roll On had a notably more polished sound (as compared to the more garage-y sound of the previous album). Horn sections featured on numerous songs, such as Uncle Harry and Killing The Right. Whereas the previous album had displayed punk and rockabilly influences (by artists such as Green Day and Stray Cats), Roll On showed more Australian rock influences, particularly artists of the 80s Pub Rock era. The album even garnered comparison, by a few critics, to seminal punk band The Clash's creative breakthrough, London Calling. Th.
6/9	==DB== Roll On (JJ Cale album).
7/9	==DB== Roll On.writer *J. Belle *R. Skyes *K. Paul *.length 227.0.released 2002-06-17.lastSingle "B with Me".nextSingle "Scandalous".aSide "This Is How We Do It".Roll On (Mis-Teeq song)."Roll On" is a song by British girl group Mis-Teeq. Produced by Blacksmith, it was recorded for the band's debut album, Lickin' on Both Sides (2001). The song was released on a double A-single along with a cover version of Montell Jordan's "This Is How We Do It" in June 2002, marking the album's final single. Upon its release, it became another top ten success for the band on the UK Singles Chart..comment "Roll On" is a song by British girl group Mis-Teeq. Produced by Blacksmith, it was recorded for the band's debut album, Lickin' on Both Sides (2001). The song was released on a double A-single along with a cover version of Montell Jordan's "This Is How We Do It" in June 2002, marking the album's final single. Upon its release, it became another top ten success for the band on the UK Singles Chart..
8/9	==SS== Used to express anticipation"'''Roll on''' summer!" 
9/9	==DB== Roll On.producer Alabama.length 2408.0.released January, 1984.released 1990-10-25.lastAlbum The Closer You Get....nextAlbum 40.Roll On (Alabama album).Roll On is the eighth studio album of country music band Alabama, released in 1984. All four singles released from this album reached Number One on the Hot Country Singles chart: "Roll On (Eighteen Wheeler)", "When We Make Love", "If You're Gonna Play in Texas (You Gotta Have a Fiddle in the Band)" and "(There's A) Fire in the Night". Music videos were made for "I'm Not That Way Anymore" and "(There's A) Fire in the Night". The album was certified quadruple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America..comment Roll On is the eighth studio album of country music band Alabama, released in 1984. All four singles released from this album reached Number One on the Hot Country Singles chart: "Roll On (Eighteen Wheeler)", "When We Make Love", "If You're Gonna Play in Texas (You Gotta Have a Fiddle in the Band)" and "(There's A) Fire in the Night". Music videos were made for "I'm Not That Way Anymore" and "(There's A) Fire in the Night". The album was certified quadruple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America..
===194	roll over	3
1/3	==DB== Rollover.A rollover is a type of vehicle crash in which a vehicle tips over onto its side or roof. Rollovers have a higher fatality rate than other types of vehicle collisions..comment A rollover is a type of vehicle crash in which a vehicle tips over onto its side or roof. Rollovers have a higher fatality rate than other types of vehicle collisions..
2/3	==DB== Roll Over.
3/3	==SS== To make a rolling motion or turn.''The [[SUV]] '''rolled''' completely '''over'''.'' 
===195	round about	14
1/14	==DB== Roundabout.producer Yes.released 1972-01-04.format 7".bSide "Long Distance Runaround".lastSingle "Your Move".nextSingle "America".Roundabout (song)."Roundabout" is a song by English progressive rock band Yes. It was the first single released from their fourth studio album, Fragile (1971). "Roundabout" has become one of the best-known songs by Yes. The song was released as a shortened single with the track "Long Distance Runaround" in January 1972. It peaked at No. 13 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and number 10 on the Cash Box Top 100..comment "Roundabout" is a song by English progressive rock band Yes. It was the first single released from their fourth studio album, Fragile (1971). "Roundabout" has become one of the best-known songs by Yes. The song was released as a shortened single with the track "Long Distance Runaround" in January 1972. It peaked at No. 13 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and number 10 on the Cash Box Top 100..
2/14	==DB== Roundabout Theatre Company.The Roundabout Theatre Company is a leading non-profit theatre company based in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, affiliated with the League of Resident Theatres..comment The Roundabout Theatre Company is a leading non-profit theatre company based in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, affiliated with the League of Resident Theatres..
3/14	==DB== Roundabout.producer Phil Keaggy.length 3005.0.lastAlbum Jammed!.nextAlbum Two of Us.Roundabout (album).Roundabout is the title of an acoustic instrumental album by guitarist Phil Keaggy, released in July 2006. The songs were compiled from sound check loops of guitar improvisations recorded before his concerts..comment Roundabout is the title of an acoustic instrumental album by guitarist Phil Keaggy, released in July 2006. The songs were compiled from sound check loops of guitar improvisations recorded before his concerts..
4/14	==DB== Roundabout interchange.A roundabout interchange is a type of interchange between a controlled access highway such as a motorway or freeway, and a minor road. The slip roads to and from the motorway carriageways converge at a single roundabout, which is grade-separated from the motorway lanes with bridges..comment A roundabout interchange is a type of interchange between a controlled access highway such as a motorway or freeway, and a minor road. The slip roads to and from the motorway carriageways converge at a single roundabout, which is grade-separated from the motorway lanes with bridges..
5/14	==DB== Roundabout (1957 film).Roundabout is a television movie, or rather a live television play, which aired on Australian television in 1957. Broadcast 4 January 1957 on ABC station ABV-2, it is notable as the first example of television drama produced in Melbourne Australia. "Official" television broadcasting in the city had only begun 2 months earlier. Cast included British actor Patrick Horgan, Mary Ward and Beverley Dunn. The original TV listing in The Age newspaper described the plot as "a woman's reactions to her husband's suspected affair with another woman". Duration was 30 minutes. Production was by Bill Eldridge. It is not known if a kinescope recording was made of the broadcast. (note: kinescope recording, also known as telerecording, was an early method of recording live television, used in the days before video-tape became widespread). Some of ABV-2 other dramatic one-offs of 1957 were kinescoped so they could be shown in Sydney, but it is not known if any of these kinescopes still exist..comment Roundabout is a television movie, or rather a live television play, which aired on Australian television in 1957. Broadcast 4 January 1957 on ABC station ABV-2, it is notable as the first example of television drama produced in Melbourne Australia. "Official" television broadcasting in the city had only begun 2 months earlier. Cast included British actor Patrick Horgan, Mary Ward and Beverley Dunn. The original TV listing in The Age newspaper described the plot as "a woman's reactions to her husband's suspected affair with another woman". Duration was 30 minutes. Production was by Bill Eldridge. It is not known if a kinescope recording was made of the broadcast. (note: kinescope recording, also known as telerecording, was an early method of recording live television, used in the days befor.
6/14	==DB== Roundabout (1989 film).
7/14	==DB== Roundabout Appreciation Society.The Roundabout Appreciation Society (UKRAS) is a group of people in the United Kingdom that discuss traffic roundabouts. The main topic of discussion is the architecture of the roundabouts, including their design and safety features. Other topics have included the approaches people take when driving towards and around a roundabout, and the wildlife present on some of the larger junctions. Their aim is to promote safe driving and consideration towards other road users. The society was formed by Kevin Beresford after the success of a calendar that showed photographs of 12 roundabouts in Redditch – it sold 100,000 worldwide. As of 2013, the association is reportedly trying to attract more women members, by putting a windmill on the front cover of its calendar..comment The Roundabout Appreciation Society (UKRAS) is a group of people in the United Kingdom that discuss traffic roundabouts. The main topic of discussion is the architecture of the roundabouts, including their design and safety features. Other topics have included the approaches people take when driving towards and around a roundabout, and the wildlife present on some of the larger junctions. Their aim is to promote safe driving and consideration towards other road users..
8/14	==DB== Roundabout.A roundabout is a type of circular intersection or junction in which road traffic flows almost continuously in one direction around a central island. So-called "modern" roundabouts require entering traffic to give way to traffic already in the circle and optimally observe various design rules to increase safety. Compared to stop signs, traffic signals, and earlier forms of roundabouts, modern roundabouts reduce the likelihood and severity of collisions by reducing traffic speeds and minimizing T-bone and head-on collisions. Variations on the basic concept include integration with tram and/or train lines, two-way flow, higher speeds and many others. Traffic exiting the roundabout comes from one direction, rather than three, simplifying the pedestrian's visual environment. Traffic moves slowly enough to allow visual engagement with pedestrians, encouraging deference towards them. Other benefits include reduced driver confusion associated with perpendicular junctions and reduced queuing associated with traffic lights. They allow U-turns within the normal flow of traffic, which often are not possible at other forms of junction. Moreover, since vehicles on average spend less time idling at roundabouts than at signalled intersections, using a roundabout potentially leads to less pollution. Also, when entering vehicles only need to give way, they do not always perform a full stop. As a result, by keeping a part of their momentum, the engine will produce less work to regain the initial speed, resulting in lower emissions. Additionally, slow moving traffic in roundabouts makes less noise than traffic that must stop and start, speed up and brake. Modern roundabouts are commonplace throughout the world. Half of the world's roundabouts are in France (more than 30,000 as of 2008), although the United Kingdom has more as a proportion of the road than any other country..comment A roundabout is a type of circular intersection or junction in which road traffic flows almost continuously in one direction around a central island. So-called "modern" roundabouts require entering traffic to give way to traffic already in the circle and optimally observe various design rules to increase safety. Compared to stop signs, traffic signals, and earlier forms of roundabouts, modern roundabouts reduce the likelihood and severity of collisions by reducing traffic speeds and minimizing T-bone and head-on collisions. Variations on the basic concept include integration with tram and/or train lines, two-way flow, higher speeds and many others..
9/14	==DB== Roundabout (play).The playground roundabout is a simplified version of a fairground carousel. The roundabout uses rotary motion, which means it spins around in a circle either clockwise or counter-clockwise..comment The playground roundabout is a simplified version of a fairground carousel. The roundabout uses rotary motion, which means it spins around in a circle either clockwise or counter-clockwise..
10/14	==DB== Roundabout (1950 film).
11/14	==DB== Roundaboutness.Roundaboutness, or roundabout methods of production, is the process whereby capital goods are produced first and then, with the help of the capital goods, the desired consumer goods are produced..comment Roundaboutness, or roundabout methods of production, is the process whereby capital goods are produced first and then, with the help of the capital goods, the desired consumer goods are produced..
12/14	==DB== Roundabout dog.A roundabout dog (Swedish: rondellhund, originally Östgötsk rondellhund, "Östergötland roundabout dog", a pun on västgötaspets) is a form of street installation that began in Sweden during the autumn of 2006 and continued for the rest of the year. There have been sporadic subsequent occurrences. The phenomenon consists of anonymous people placing homemade dog sculptures, typically made of wood (or sometimes plastic, metal or textile) in roundabouts. Occurrences were reported all over Sweden, and the phenomenon also spread to other countries, including Spain after it was mentioned on television, PuntoDos. Swedish tabloid paper Expressen even placed one at Piccadilly Circus..comment A roundabout dog (Swedish: rondellhund, originally Östgötsk rondellhund, "Östergötland roundabout dog", a pun on västgötaspets) is a form of street installation that began in Sweden during the autumn of 2006 and continued for the rest of the year. There have been sporadic subsequent occurrences. The phenomenon consists of anonymous people placing homemade dog sculptures, typically made of wood (or sometimes plastic, metal or textile) in roundabouts. Occurrences were reported all over Sweden, and the phenomenon also spread to other countries, including Spain after it was mentioned on television, PuntoDos. Swedish tabloid paper Expressen even placed one at Piccadilly Circus..
13/14	==DB== title Roundabout.released PlayStation 4.released PlayStation Vita.released Xbox One.released Windows, OS X, Linux.released Early 2016.released 2014-09-18.released 2015-02-20.released 2015-05-26.Roundabout (video game).Roundabout is an open-world indie driving video game developed and published by No Goblin LLC. It was released for Windows, Mac and Linux on September 18, 2014, for Xbox One on February 20, 2015, and for PlayStation 4 on May 26, 2015. A PlayStation Vita version is currently planned to be released in 2016. The game involves a constantly-rotating limousine which the player has to drive around an open world while completing miscellaneous objectives such as pick up and dropping people off or finding collectible items. The gameplay has been described as inspired by Kuru Kuru Kururin (where you also control a constantly-rotating vehicle), and Crazy Taxi (where the goal of the game is to drive NPCs from one location to another)..comment Roundabout is an open-world indie driving video game developed and published by No Goblin LLC. It was released for Windows, Mac and Linux on September 18, 2014, for Xbox One on February 20, 2015, and for PlayStation 4 on May 26, 2015. A PlayStation Vita version is currently planned to be released in 2016..
14/14	==DB== Roundabout, Newfoundland and Labrador.Roundabout was a small settlement located west of St. Lawrence near Lawn..comment Roundabout was a small settlement located west of St. Lawrence near Lawn..
===196	round up	10
1/10	==DB== Edsel Roundup.production 1958.manufacturer Edsel.engine FE V8.bodyStyle 2.transmission 3.Edsel Roundup.The Edsel Roundup is a station wagon that was produced and sold by Edsel in 1958. Like the Villager and Bermuda station wagons, the Roundup was built on a 116-inch (2,946 mm) wheelbase shared with Ford's station wagons, as well as core body stampings. It had an approach angle of 21° and an overall length of 205.42 in. The Roundup represented the base trim level available within the Edsel brand for a station wagon, and was only available during Edsel's introductory year of 1958. The Roundup was available only as a six-passenger two-door station wagon. The Roundup came with black rubber flooring, armrests, front and rear ashtrays, dome and courtesy lights, and a white vinyl headliner. A split-back front seat was standard to allow access to the back seat. In place of roll-down rear windows, the Roundup used sliding windows. To further separate the Roundup from the Ford Ranch Wagon on which it was based, the Roundup received Edsel's front fascia and grille assembly, as well as unique boomerang-shaped taillights. The shape of the taillights posed a problem when used as turn indicators – the left hand taillight appeared as an arrow pointing right and vice versa from a distance. All station wagons shared the Edsel Ranger's engine availability, with a 361 cubic inch V8 as standard, as was a three-speed manual transmission. Buyers also had the option of a three-speed automatic transmission with a standard column-mounted gear selector, or could choose Edsel's highly promoted but trouble-prone Teletouch automatic, which placed its drive-selection buttons in the steering wheel hub. While its roll-out was highly publicized in the fall of 1957, the 1958 Edsel was a marketing disaster for Ford. Total output for the Roundup stood at 963 units. The low output number could be attributed to the declining popularity of two-door wagons in the American market and Edsel's lack of consumer appeal. For the 1959 model year, the Roundup and the premium Bermuda station wagons were dropped, leaving the mid-value Villager as Edsel's sole station wagon model..comment The Edsel Roundup is a station wagon that was produced and sold by Edsel in 1958. Like the Villager and Bermuda station wagons, the Roundup was built on a 116-inch (2,946 mm) wheelbase shared with Ford's station wagons, as well as core body stampings. It had an approach angle of 21° and an overall length of 205.42 in. For the 1959 model year, the Roundup and the premium Bermuda station wagons were dropped, leaving the mid-value Villager as Edsel's sole station wagon model..
2/10	==DB== Round Up.writer Jason Boyd, Kevin Ellis, Kym Holland, Ron Lawrence, Rhonda Robinson, Arthur Smith.length 254.0.released --06-25.artist Lady May featuring Blu Cantrell.format 12.0.album May Day and Bittersweet (International Edition).Round Up."Round Up" is a song by American rapper Lady May, featuring American R&B singer Blu Cantrell. Released as a single in June 2002, the song was supposed to be the lead single from May's debut album, May Day, but the album has never been released. The single performed moderately in the U.S. urban market, peaking at number ninety-three on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs the week of July 27, 2002. "Round Up" never appeared on any albums except on non-U.S. pressings of Cantrell's second studio album, Bittersweet, released in 2003..comment "Round Up" is a song by American rapper Lady May, featuring American R&B singer Blu Cantrell. Released as a single in June 2002, the song was supposed to be the lead single from May's debut album, May Day, but the album has never been released. The single performed moderately in the U.S. urban market, peaking at number ninety-three on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs the week of July 27, 2002. "Round Up" never appeared on any albums except on non-U.S. pressings of Cantrell's second studio album, Bittersweet, released in 2003..
3/10	==DB== Roundup.length 3808.0.released 2003-04-04.lastAlbum free {love}.nextAlbum ''Music is Live 03 Andy Hui X Denise Ho.Roundup (album).Roundup is a compilation album by Denise Ho, featuring both "best of" and new songs in Mandarin and Cantonese. The album was released on April 4, 2003..comment Roundup is a compilation album by Denise Ho, featuring both "best of" and new songs in Mandarin and Cantonese. The album was released on April 4, 2003..
4/10	==DB== Roundup (history).A roundup (Polish: łapanka, [waˈpanka] ; French: rafle or attrapage) was a widespread Nazi German World War II military tactic used in occupied countries, especially in German-occupied Poland, whereby the SS, Wehrmacht and RSHA ambushed at random thousands of civilians on the streets of subjugated cities for enforced deportation. The civilians were captured in groups of unsuspecting passers-by, or kidnapped from selected city quarters that had been surrounded by German forces ahead of time. People caught in roundups were most often sent to slave labor camps in Germany, but also taken as hostages in reprisal actions, imprisoned and sent to concentration camps, or summarily executed in numerous ethnic cleansing operations..comment A roundup (Polish: łapanka, [waˈpanka] ; French: rafle or attrapage) was a widespread Nazi German World War II military tactic used in occupied countries, especially in German-occupied Poland, whereby the SS, Wehrmacht and RSHA ambushed at random thousands of civilians on the streets of subjugated cities for enforced deportation. The civilians were captured in groups of unsuspecting passers-by, or kidnapped from selected city quarters that had been surrounded by German forces ahead of time..
5/10	==SS== To gather (cattle) together by riding around them.
6/10	==DB== Roundup.latestReleaseVersion 1.5.Roundup (issue tracker).Roundup is an open-source issue or bug tracking system featuring a command-line, web and e-mail interface. It is written in Python and designed to be highly customizable. Roundup was designed by Ka-Ping Yee for the Software Carpentry project and has been developed since 2001 under the direction of Richard Jones. It is currently the issue tracker for the Python programming language itself. It was once described as "like Bugzilla without the six years of training, or RT without that tedious MySQL rubbish.".comment Roundup is an open-source issue or bug tracking system featuring a command-line, web and e-mail interface. It is written in Python and designed to be highly customizable. Roundup was designed by Ka-Ping Yee for the Software Carpentry project and has been developed since 2001 under the direction of Richard Jones. It is currently the issue tracker for the Python programming language itself. It was once described as "like Bugzilla without the six years of training, or RT without that tedious MySQL rubbish.".
7/10	==DB== conflict Operation Roundup.date 1951-02-05.result United Nations victory.combatant China.combatant * *.commander General Edward Almond.partof the Korean War.Operation Roundup (1951).Operation Roundup was an attack launched on 5 February 1951, during the Korean War. The attack was launched by the United States X Corps toward Hongch'on and P'yonch'ang..comment Operation Roundup was an attack launched on 5 February 1951, during the Korean War. The attack was launched by the United States X Corps toward Hongch'on and P'yonch'ang..
8/10	==DB== Operation Roundup (1942).Operation Roundup was the code name for a 1942 plan for an invasion of northern France by Allied forces during World War II..comment Operation Roundup was the code name for a 1942 plan for an invasion of northern France by Allied forces during World War II..
9/10	==DB== The Roundup.The Roundup was a weekday afternoon program on the Radio One network of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, hosted by Tetsuro Shigematsu and Bill Richardson at different times. It was heard Monday to Friday from 2:00 to 4:00 p.m. (2:30 to 4:30 in Newfoundland). The show mixed music with calls and letters from listeners, which were often comic in nature, and feature interviews. The show was produced by CBU in Vancouver. The show was originally hosted by Bill Richardson and called Richardson's Roundup. It was created in 1997 to replace Vicki Gabereau's show, when she left to do a television show with CTV. Tetsuro Shigematsu, an occasional guest host, became the show's permanent host in 2004 when Richardson left to launch the new series Bunny Watson. The phone number (723 4628) was to be 1 888 RADIO2U but when they realised how cumbersome that would be to explain, they looked for alternative spellings. Richardson discovered that the show's phone number accidentally spelled out the phrase "sad goat" and 1-888-SAD GOAT was born. A goat named Sadie became the symbol for the show and the concept was elaborated on from then on. In 2005, the show was cancelled and replaced with Freestyle..comment The Roundup was a weekday afternoon program on the Radio One network of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, hosted by Tetsuro Shigematsu and Bill Richardson at different times. It was heard Monday to Friday from 2:00 to 4:00 p.m. (2:30 to 4:30 in Newfoundland). The show mixed music with calls and letters from listeners, which were often comic in nature, and feature interviews. The show was produced by CBU in Vancouver. In 2005, the show was cancelled and replaced with Freestyle..
10/10	==DB== populationDensityKm 515.2.populationDensitySqMi 1334.3.officialName Roundup, Montana.areaTotalKm 3.47.elevationM 980.populationTotal 1788.postalCode 59072.areaCode 406.utcOffset -7.utcOffsetDst -6.areaLandKm 3.47.areaWaterKm 0.areaTotalSqMi 1.34.areaLandSqMi 1.34.areaWaterSqMi 0.elevationFt 3215.Roundup, Montana.Roundup is a city in and the county seat of Musselshell County, Montana, United States. The population was 1,788 during the 2010 census..comment Roundup is a city in and the county seat of Musselshell County, Montana, United States. The population was 1,788 during the 2010 census..
===197	run away	63
1/63	==DB== Runaway.producer Jim Capaldi and Solution.lastAlbum ...It's Only Just Begun....nextAlbum Solution Live.recorded Spitsbergen Studio, Netherlands.Runaway (Solution album).Runaway is the sixth and last studio album by the Dutch rock group Solution. It was released in 1982 on CBS Records..comment Runaway is the sixth and last studio album by the Dutch rock group Solution. It was released in 1982 on CBS Records..
2/63	==DB== Runaways (comics).Runaways is a superhero comic book series published by Marvel Comics. The series features a group of teenagers who discover that their parents are part of an evil crime organization known as "The Pride". Created by Brian K. Vaughan and Adrian Alphona, the series debuted in July of 2003 as part of Marvel Comics' "Tsunami" imprint. The series had been canceled in September 2004 at issue eighteen, but due to high numbers of trade collection sales, Marvel revived the series in February 2005. Originally, the series featured a group of six kids whose parents routinely met every year for a charity event. One year, the kids spy on their parents and learn they are "the Pride", a criminal group of mob bosses, time-travelers, dark wizards, mad scientists, alien invaders and telepathic mutants. The kids steal weapons and resources from their parents, and learn they themselves inherited their parents' powers; Alex Wilder, a prodigy, leads the team while Nico Minoru learns she is a powerful witch, Karolina Dean discovers she is an alien, Gertrude Yorkes learns of her telepathic link to a dinosaur, Chase Stein steals his father's futuristic gloves, while young Molly Hayes learns she is a mutant with incredible strength. The kids band together and defeat their parents, and atone for the sins of their parents by fighting the new threats trying to fill in the Pride's void. After being betrayed by Alex who was killed by the Gibborim (The Pride's God) they are later joined by cyborg Victor Mancha, shape-shifting Skrull Xavin, and plant-manipulator Klara Prast. Since the original groups' introduction, the Runaways have been portrayed as a somewhat dysfunctional yet loving family. Series creators Brian K. Vaughan and Adrian Alphona left the series at issue twenty-four of the title's second volume. The second volume was continued by Joss Whedon and Michael Ryan until they departed at issue thirty. Writer Terry Moore and artist Humberto Ramos became the creative team for two story arcs. After one issue written by Christopher Yost and James Asmus, Kathryn Immonen and Sara Pichelli became the new creative team. The book was cancelled in 2009, though this was initially called a hiatus; the last issue released was Volume 3, number 14, released in September 2009, cover-dated November of that year..comment Runaways is a superhero comic book series published by Marvel Comics. The series features a group of teenagers who discover that their parents are part of an evil crime organization known as "The Pride". Created by Brian K. Vaughan and Adrian Alphona, the series debuted in July of 2003 as part of Marvel Comics' "Tsunami" imprint. The series had been canceled in September 2004 at issue eighteen, but due to high numbers of trade collection sales, Marvel revived the series in February 2005..
3/63	==DB== Runaway.producer Joseph Cheung.producer Dante Lam.runtime 5940.0.starring Samuel Pang.released 2001-05-17.gross HK$860,485.Runaway (2001 film).Runaway (Chinese: 走投有路) is a 2001 Hong Kong crime comedy film directed by Dante Lam and starring Nick Cheung, Anthony Wong, Ruby Wong and Samuel Pang. It follows the antics of two inept triad bosses on the run following a series of mishaps..comment Runaway (Chinese: 走投有路) is a 2001 Hong Kong crime comedy film directed by Dante Lam and starring Nick Cheung, Anthony Wong, Ruby Wong and Samuel Pang. It follows the antics of two inept triad bosses on the run following a series of mishaps..
4/63	==DB== Runaways (Gargoyles).
5/63	==DB== Runaway (Status Quo song)."Runaway" is a 1979 song by British band Status Quo from their album Whatever You Want. "Runaway" was also the B-side of the "Living on an Island" single..comment "Runaway" is a 1979 song by British band Status Quo from their album Whatever You Want. "Runaway" was also the B-side of the "Living on an Island" single..
6/63	==DB== The Runaways.yearsActive 1975.background group_or_band.origin Los Angeles, California, United States.Mercury, Rhino, Cherry Red, Raven.associatedActs Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, Lita Ford, The Bangles, Cherie & Marie Currie, Sandy West Band, Currie-Blue Band, The Orchids.pastMembers Peggy Foster.pastMembers Laurie McAllister.The Runaways.The Runaways were an American all-female rock band that recorded and performed in the second half of the 1970s. The band released four studio albums and one live set during its run. Among their best-known songs are "Cherry Bomb", "Hollywood", "Queens of Noise" and a cover version of the Velvet Underground’s "Rock & Roll". The Runaways, though never a major success in the United States, became a sensation overseas, e.g. in Japan, thanks to the hit single "Cherry Bomb"..comment The Runaways were an American all-female rock band that recorded and performed in the second half of the 1970s. The band released four studio albums and one live set during its run. Among their best-known songs are "Cherry Bomb", "Hollywood", "Queens of Noise" and a cover version of the Velvet Underground’s "Rock & Roll". The Runaways, though never a major success in the United States, became a sensation overseas, e.g. in Japan, thanks to the hit single "Cherry Bomb"..
7/63	==DB== Runaways.length 179.0.released 2016-02-28.Runaways (Eclipse song)."Runaways" is a song by Swedish band Eclipse. The song was released in Sweden as a digital download on 28 February 2016, and was written by Erik Mårtensson. It took part in Melodifestivalen 2016, and placed fifth in the fourth semi-final..comment "Runaways" is a song by Swedish band Eclipse. The song was released in Sweden as a digital download on 28 February 2016, and was written by Erik Mårtensson. It took part in Melodifestivalen 2016, and placed fifth in the fourth semi-final..
8/63	==DB== Runaway.Runaway (2005 film).Runaway is a 2005 film directed by Tim McCann. It is about two siblings, Michael and Dylan Adler, twenty-one and eight years old respectively, who run away from home and attempt to start a new life because of a pedophile father. Michael, who had been previously molested by his father, tries to protect his brother from their dad. Runaway was written by Bill True and won the Best Narrative Feature award at the 2005 Austin Film Festival. The film was produced by Alan Klingenstein..comment Runaway is a 2005 film directed by Tim McCann. It is about two siblings, Michael and Dylan Adler, twenty-one and eight years old respectively, who run away from home and attempt to start a new life because of a pedophile father. Michael, who had been previously molested by his father, tries to protect his brother from their dad. Runaway was written by Bill True and won the Best Narrative Feature award at the 2005 Austin Film Festival. The film was produced by Alan Klingenstein..
9/63	==DB== The Runaways (novel).The Runaways is a children's novel by the English author Ruth Thomas, published by Hutchinson in 1987. It features eleven-year-old Julia and Nathan who find "an enormous sum of money", do not report it, and flee the city when they are threatened with punishment. Opening in the East End of London where Thomas was a primary school teacher, the story moves to places including Brighton and Exmoor. Thomas and The Runaways won the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize, a once-in-a-lifetime book award judged by a panel of British children's writers. It drew critical acclaim, with The Guardian declaring it "A first rate novel". Lipincott published the first U.S. edition in 1989..comment The Runaways is a children's novel by the English author Ruth Thomas, published by Hutchinson in 1987. It features eleven-year-old Julia and Nathan who find "an enormous sum of money", do not report it, and flee the city when they are threatened with punishment. Opening in the East End of London where Thomas was a primary school teacher, the story moves to places including Brighton and Exmoor. Thomas and The Runaways won the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize, a once-in-a-lifetime book award judged by a panel of British children's writers. Lipincott published the first U.S. edition in 1989..
10/63	==DB== Runaway.writer Kellin Manning.length 202.0.released --04-06.bSide "Burn".nextSingle Run Boy.Runaway (Boomkat song)."Runaway", also known as "Run Away", is a pop song and an EP by electronic/pop band Boomkat. "Runaway" is the first single, since their departure from DreamWorks Records, and first to be released under independent label, Little Vanilla Records..comment "Runaway", also known as "Run Away", is a pop song and an EP by electronic/pop band Boomkat. "Runaway" is the first single, since their departure from DreamWorks Records, and first to be released under independent label, Little Vanilla Records..
11/63	==DB== Runaway.BigTop 45-3067 , London HLX 9317 , Heliodor 453099 , London HL-1796.length 140.0.recorded --01-24.bSide "Jody".certification Gold.nextSingle "Hats Off to Larry".Runaway (Del Shannon song)."Runaway" is a number-one Billboard Hot 100 song made famous by Del Shannon in 1961. It was written by Shannon and keyboardist Max Crook, and became a major international hit. It is No. 472 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time, compiled in 2010..comment "Runaway" is a number-one Billboard Hot 100 song made famous by Del Shannon in 1961. It was written by Shannon and keyboardist Max Crook, and became a major international hit. It is No. 472 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time, compiled in 2010..
12/63	==DB== The Runaway (play).
13/63	==DB== Runaway.length 243.0.length 264.0.released 1995-09-01.released 1999-02-15.bSide "Leave Me Alone".bSide "What Can I Do".lastSingle "So Young".nextSingle "Forgiven, Not Forgotten".nextSingle "I Know My Love".album Talk on Corners Special Edition.Runaway (The Corrs song)."Runaway" is the début single by the Irish family band The Corrs. It was released in September 1995, and had middling chart success except in Ireland and Australia, where it peaked at #10. In the UK Singles Chart, it reached #49..comment "Runaway" is the début single by the Irish family band The Corrs. It was released in September 1995, and had middling chart success except in Ireland and Australia, where it peaked at #10. In the UK Singles Chart, it reached #49..
14/63	==DB== Runaway.producer Nadia Ali, Markus Moser.length 217.0.lastSingle "Smooth".nextSingle "Kiss You".Runaway (iiO song)."Runaway" is the fourth single released from iiO's debut album, Poetica..comment "Runaway" is the fourth single released from iiO's debut album, Poetica..
15/63	==DB== The Runaway.runtime 4140.0.released 1926-04-05.The Runaway (1926 film).The Runaway is a 1926 silent film melodrama directed by William C. deMille and starring Clara Bow, Warner Baxter, William Powell and George Bancroft. The plot involves a movie star who erroneously assumes that she has murdered someone and flees to Kentucky. The cinematography was by Charles P. Boyle..comment The Runaway is a 1926 silent film melodrama directed by William C. deMille and starring Clara Bow, Warner Baxter, William Powell and George Bancroft. The plot involves a movie star who erroneously assumes that she has murdered someone and flees to Kentucky. The cinematography was by Charles P. Boyle..
16/63	==DB== Runaway.producer Kurt Villadsen.writer Michael Crichton.runtime 5940.0.starring *.released 1984-12-14.gross 6770587.0.Runaway (1984 film).Runaway is a 1984 American science fiction action film starring Tom Selleck, Gene Simmons, Cynthia Rhodes and features Kirstie Alley in one of her early roles..comment Runaway is a 1984 American science fiction action film starring Tom Selleck, Gene Simmons, Cynthia Rhodes and features Kirstie Alley in one of her early roles..
17/63	==DB== Runaway.format 12.0.format Maxi,.lastSingle "7 Years and 50 Days".nextSingle "She".album 7.Runaway (Groove Coverage song)."Runaway" is the fourth single from the album 7 Years and 50 Days by German trance group Groove Coverage..comment "Runaway" is the fourth single from the album 7 Years and 50 Days by German trance group Groove Coverage..
18/63	==DB== Runaway.publisher McClelland and Stewart , Alfred A. Knopf , Vintage.pages 335352.isbn 0.oclc 54692750.Runaway (book).Runaway is a book of short stories by Alice Munro. First published in 2004 by McClelland and Stewart, it was awarded that year's Giller Prize and Rogers Writers' Trust Fiction Prize..comment Runaway is a book of short stories by Alice Munro. First published in 2004 by McClelland and Stewart, it was awarded that year's Giller Prize and Rogers Writers' Trust Fiction Prize..
19/63	==DB== The Runaway (Lassie).
20/63	==DB== Runaway.writer Don Gilmore.writer Mark Wakefield.length 184.0.released 2000-10-24.prev "Crawling".trackNo 6.Runaway (Linkin Park song)."Runaway" is a song by Linkin Park. It is the sixth track from their debut album Hybrid Theory. The song was also remixed for their first remix album Reanimation, entitled "Rnw@y". The song was written by the band and Mark Wakefield. A 1998 demo of the song, titled as "Stick and Move" (which was originally titled as "Stick N Move" that appeared on Xero's 4-track sampler tape Xero in 1996), was released on the band's ninth Linkin Park Underground extended play LP Underground 9.0..comment "Runaway" is a song by Linkin Park. It is the sixth track from their debut album Hybrid Theory. The song was also remixed for their first remix album Reanimation, entitled "Rnw@y". The song was written by the band and Mark Wakefield. A 1998 demo of the song, titled as "Stick and Move" (which was originally titled as "Stick N Move" that appeared on Xero's 4-track sampler tape Xero in 1996), was released on the band's ninth Linkin Park Underground extended play LP Underground 9.0..
21/63	==DB== The Runaways.Music from the Motion Picture The Runaways.producer *.screenplay Floria Sigismondi.runtime 6360.0.length 3000.0.starring *.budget 1.0E7.released 2010-03-23.gross 4681651.0.The Runaways (film).The Runaways is a 2010 American drama film about the 1970s rock band of the same name written and directed by Floria Sigismondi. It is based on the book Neon Angel: A Memoir of a Runaway by the band's original lead vocalist Cherie Currie. The film stars Dakota Fanning as Currie, Kristen Stewart as rhythm guitarist and vocalist Joan Jett, and Michael Shannon as record producer Kim Fowley. The Runaways depicts the formation of the band in 1975 and focuses on the relationship between Currie and Jett until Currie's departure from the band. The film grossed about $4.7 million worldwide and received generally favorable reviews from critics..comment The Runaways is a 2010 American drama film about the 1970s rock band of the same name written and directed by Floria Sigismondi. It is based on the book Neon Angel: A Memoir of a Runaway by the band's original lead vocalist Cherie Currie. The film stars Dakota Fanning as Currie, Kristen Stewart as rhythm guitarist and vocalist Joan Jett, and Michael Shannon as record producer Kim Fowley. The Runaways depicts the formation of the band in 1975 and focuses on the relationship between Currie and Jett until Currie's departure from the band. The film grossed about $4.7 million worldwide and received generally favorable reviews from critics..
22/63	==DB== The Runaway (2004 film).Ausreißer aka The Runaway is a 2004 German short film starring Peter Jordan. On January 31, 2006 it was nominated for the Academy Award for Live Action Short Film..comment Ausreißer aka The Runaway is a 2004 German short film starring Peter Jordan. On January 31, 2006 it was nominated for the Academy Award for Live Action Short Film..
23/63	==DB== The Runaways.length 2042.0.released 1976-06-01.nextAlbum Queens of Noise.recorded Fidelity Recorders in Studio City and Criterion Studios in Hollywood, California, 1976.The Runaways (album).The Runaways is the debut album by the American all-female rock band The Runaways, released in 1976. Website AllMusic has praised the record (especially band members Cherie Currie, Joan Jett and Lita Ford), comparing the band's music to material by Led Zeppelin and The Stooges. According to multiple sources including Cherie Currie (in her memoir Neon Angel), the liner notes of the Raven Records release of The Runaways, and Jackie Fox herself, bassist Nigel Harrison played bass on the first album, due to manager Kim Fowley refusing to let Fox play on the record. The documentary film Edgeplay: A Film About the Runaways states that the album's first track "Cherry Bomb" was written ad hoc during the audition of lead singer Cherie Currie and the title is a play on the pronunciation of Currie's first name. Currie was told to prepare a Suzi Quatro song for the audition; she picked "Fever", a song the band did not know how to play. Instead, Joan Jett and Kim Fowley came up with the song and had Currie sing it for her audition. In 2009, "Cherry Bomb" was named the 52nd-best hard rock song of all time by VH1. A cover of "Cherry Bomb" is featured in the music video game Rock Band as a downloadable single track. The song also featured in the movies Dazed and Confused, RV, Cherrybomb, The Runaways, and Guardians of the Galaxy, and is played in the opening scene of Margaret Cho's stand-up comedy DVD "I'm the One That I Want". "You Drive Me Wild" is featured in the 2010 film about the band. Actress Dakota Fanning covers "Cherry Bomb" as well as "Dead End Justice" with Kristen Stewart, as they portray Cherie Currie and Joan Jett respectively..comment The Runaways is the debut album by the American all-female rock band The Runaways, released in 1976. Website AllMusic has praised the record (especially band members Cherie Currie, Joan Jett and Lita Ford), comparing the band's music to material by Led Zeppelin and The Stooges. According to multiple sources including Cherie Currie (in her memoir Neon Angel), the liner notes of the Raven Records release of The Runaways, and Jackie Fox herself, bassist Nigel Harrison played bass on the first album, due to manager Kim Fowley refusing to let Fox play on the record..
24/63	==DB== Runaway.writer Kim Sung-su.runtime 6360.0.Runaway (1995 film).Runaway (Hangul: 런어웨이; RR: Reoneowei) is a 1995 South Korean action thriller film..comment Runaway (Hangul: 런어웨이; RR: Reoneowei) is a 1995 South Korean action thriller film..
25/63	==DB== runtime 3600.0.showName The Runaway.numEpisodes 6.firstAired 2011-03-31.The Runaway (TV series).The Runaway is a six episode British drama TV series on Sky1 and Sky1 HD based upon the 1997 Martina Cole novel of the same name. Shooting for the show took place in South Africa where the production team recreated London's Soho. The show premiered on Thursday 31 March 2011 and stars Alan Cumming, Jack O'Connell, Keith Allen, Joanna Vanderham, and Ken Stott..comment The Runaway is a six episode British drama TV series on Sky1 and Sky1 HD based upon the 1997 Martina Cole novel of the same name. Shooting for the show took place in South Africa where the production team recreated London's Soho. The show premiered on Thursday 31 March 2011 and stars Alan Cumming, Jack O'Connell, Keith Allen, Joanna Vanderham, and Ken Stott..
26/63	==SS== To flee by running''The crowd had to '''run away''' from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs.'' 
27/63	==DB== Runaways.Runaways (musical).Runaways is a musical which was written, composed and directed by Elizabeth Swados, about the lives of children who run away from home and live on the city streets. The characters were taken from workshops conducted by Swados with real-life runaways in the late 1970s..comment Runaways is a musical which was written, composed and directed by Elizabeth Swados, about the lives of children who run away from home and live on the city streets. The characters were taken from workshops conducted by Swados with real-life runaways in the late 1970s..
28/63	==DB== Runaway Train (disambiguation).
29/63	==DB== Runaway (Amalgam Comics).
30/63	==DB== title Runaway: A Road Adventure.released --07-06.Runaway: A Road Adventure.Runaway: A Road Adventure is a point and click adventure game developed by Pendulo Studios in 2001. The game follows the long tradition of two-dimensional adventure games like the first two installments of the Broken Sword series. It enjoyed immense popularity in countries like Germany and France, where the adventure genre is still popular. The original Spanish version of the game was the first to become available in Spain on July 6, 2001, with other localizations waiting up to two years for their publication, including the German version in fall 2002 and the rest during 2003. It was released in the United Kingdom in May 2004. The original publisher was Dinamic Multimedia and it was their last distributed title before their closure. After that, the distributor has been FX Interactive. Runaway has been released on CD-ROM and DVD-ROM. A sequel: Runaway 2: The Dream of The Turtle was released in November 2006 in France and Germany and was released in March 2007 in the United Kingdom, USA and Spain. A third game, Runaway 3: A Twist of Fate was released on November 26, 2009..comment Runaway: A Road Adventure is a point and click adventure game developed by Pendulo Studios in 2001. The game follows the long tradition of two-dimensional adventure games like the first two installments of the Broken Sword series. It enjoyed immense popularity in countries like Germany and France, where the adventure genre is still popular. Runaway has been released on CD-ROM and DVD-ROM..
31/63	==DB== title Runaways.season 8.airdate 2012-01-30.episode 10.guests * Bridgit Mendler as Callie Rogers * Yaya DaCosta as Anita * Darlene Vogel as Ellen Rogers  * Kai Lennox as George * Brad Carter as Sheldon.Runaways (House)."Runaways" is the tenth episode from season eight of House and the one-hundred sixty-fifth overall. It originally aired on January 30, 2012. A teenage girl Callie/Jane Doe (Bridgit Mendler) needs a surgery requiring adult consent, but claims she is fleeing an abusive household. House and Adams debate whether to call Social Services, but then her mom shows up and it turns out the relationship is far more complicated than the team could have anticipated. Meanwhile, Taub can't connect with his infant daughters and House threatens to exploit Foreman's relationship with a married woman. The song "Be The Song" by Foy Vance is featured at the end of the episode..comment "Runaways" is the tenth episode from season eight of House and the one-hundred sixty-fifth overall. It originally aired on January 30, 2012. A teenage girl Callie/Jane Doe (Bridgit Mendler) needs a surgery requiring adult consent, but claims she is fleeing an abusive household. House and Adams debate whether to call Social Services, but then her mom shows up and it turns out the relationship is far more complicated than the team could have anticipated. Meanwhile, Taub can't connect with his infant daughters and House threatens to exploit Foreman's relationship with a married woman..
32/63	==DB== Runaway Pond.basinCountries United States.width +.depth +.Runaway Pond.Runaway Pond was a lake on the site of the former Long Pond in Glover, Vermont. Located 5 miles (8.0 km) south of what is today the central village of Glover, it is now a marsh..comment Runaway Pond was a lake on the site of the former Long Pond in Glover, Vermont. Located 5 miles (8.0 km) south of what is today the central village of Glover, it is now a marsh..
33/63	==DB== The Runaway (Avatar: The Last Airbender).
34/63	==DB== Runaway.length 1108.0.released 2000-10-03.Runaway (Jim Carroll album).Runaway is a 2000 EP album by author and punk musician Jim Carroll..comment Runaway is a 2000 EP album by author and punk musician Jim Carroll..
35/63	==DB== The Runaway.released 2010-06-07.lastAlbum Those the Brokes.nextAlbum Alias.recorded Metropolis Studios and Konk Studios.The Runaway (album).The Runaway is the third album from London indie-rock band The Magic Numbers. The Stodart and Gannon siblings reveal a rather upbeat side on this offering, compared to their 2006 release Those the Brokes. The album features string arrangements by Robert Kirby (Nick Drake, Elvis Costello), who died in 2009, with The Runaway ultimately proving to be his final piece of work..comment The Runaway is the third album from London indie-rock band The Magic Numbers. The Stodart and Gannon siblings reveal a rather upbeat side on this offering, compared to their 2006 release Those the Brokes. The album features string arrangements by Robert Kirby (Nick Drake, Elvis Costello), who died in 2009, with The Runaway ultimately proving to be his final piece of work..
36/63	==DB== song "Runaway".nextLink Eighties Coming Back.Runaway (Sahlene song)."Runaway" sung by Sahlene was the Eurovision 2002 entrant for that year's host nation, Estonia..comment "Runaway" sung by Sahlene was the Eurovision 2002 entrant for that year's host nation, Estonia..
37/63	==DB== Runaway.length 209.0.released 2010-10-24.artist Devlin featuring Yasmin.lastSingle "Brainwashed".nextSingle "Game Over".Runaway (Devlin song)."Runaway" is the second official single by British MC and rapper, Devlin which features DJ Yasmin (credited as Yasmin). The single was released in October 2010 for digital download..comment "Runaway" is the second official single by British MC and rapper, Devlin which features DJ Yasmin (credited as Yasmin). The single was released in October 2010 for digital download..
38/63	==DB== Runaway Island.Runaway Island (68°12′S 67°7′W﻿ / ﻿68.200°S 67.117°W) is a rocky island 0.7 nautical miles (1.3 km) west of the west tip of Neny Island and 0.2 nautical miles (0.4 km) northwest of surf rock, lying in Marguerite Bay off the west coast of Graham Land. The island was roughly charted in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE), and was surveyed in 1947 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS). So named by FIDS because a runaway dog team left this island and returned to base..comment Runaway Island (68°12′S 67°7′W﻿ / ﻿68.200°S 67.117°W) is a rocky island 0.7 nautical miles (1.3 km) west of the west tip of Neny Island and 0.2 nautical miles (0.4 km) northwest of surf rock, lying in Marguerite Bay off the west coast of Graham Land. The island was roughly charted in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE), and was surveyed in 1947 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS). So named by FIDS because a runaway dog team left this island and returned to base..
39/63	==DB== Runaway (2013 film).
40/63	==DB== Runaways (TV series).
41/63	==DB== Runaway Hills.Runaway Hills (73°19′S 163°33′E﻿ / ﻿73.317°S 163.550°E) is a cluster of hills forming the northwest extremity of Arrowhead Range in the Southern Cross Mountains, Victoria Land. So named by the southern party of New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), 1966–67, because both of their motor toboggans went out of control here, when going down hill.  This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Runaway Hills" (content from the Geographic Names Information System)..comment Runaway Hills (73°19′S 163°33′E﻿ / ﻿73.317°S 163.550°E) is a cluster of hills forming the northwest extremity of Arrowhead Range in the Southern Cross Mountains, Victoria Land. So named by the southern party of New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), 1966–67, because both of their motor toboggans went out of control here, when going down hill.  This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Runaway Hills" (content from the Geographic Names Information System)..
42/63	==DB== Runaway.bSide "Show Yourself".lastSingle "Count On Me".Runaway (Jefferson Starship song)."Runaway" is a 1978 song and single by Jefferson Starship, written by Nicholas Q. Dewey for the album Earth. It was the second U.S. Top 40 hit from that album, and was the follow-up to the Top 10 hit "Count On Me". The song peaked at #12 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and number 13 on the Cash Box Top 100. In Canada, both "Runaway" and its predecessor peaked at number nine. "Runaway" was the 79th biggest Canadian hit of the year, ranking just six positions behind "Count On Me"..comment "Runaway" is a 1978 song and single by Jefferson Starship, written by Nicholas Q. Dewey for the album Earth. It was the second U.S. Top 40 hit from that album, and was the follow-up to the Top 10 hit "Count On Me". The song peaked at #12 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and number 13 on the Cash Box Top 100. In Canada, both "Runaway" and its predecessor peaked at number nine. "Runaway" was the 79th biggest Canadian hit of the year, ranking just six positions behind "Count On Me"..
43/63	==DB== Runaway.length 2362.0.Runaway (Bill Champlin album).Runaway is an album by Bill Champlin, released on Elektra Records in 1981. It is notable as containing "Tonight Tonight", Champlin's major hit as a solo artist, as well as "Sara", which also achieved a degree of chart success..comment Runaway is an album by Bill Champlin, released on Elektra Records in 1981. It is notable as containing "Tonight Tonight", Champlin's major hit as a solo artist, as well as "Sara", which also achieved a degree of chart success..
44/63	==DB== The Runaways (musical).The Runaways (Broadway, 1903), originally Chow Chow (Chicago, 1902), was an American comedy musical with book and lyrics by Addison Burkhardt and music by Raymond Hubbell. The show was joined by Fay Templeton when it came to Broadway..comment The Runaways (Broadway, 1903), originally Chow Chow (Chicago, 1902), was an American comedy musical with book and lyrics by Addison Burkhardt and music by Raymond Hubbell. The show was joined by Fay Templeton when it came to Broadway..
45/63	==DB== Runaway (1958 film).
46/63	==DB== Runaway.producer Jason Kay, Matthew Johnson, Mike Spencer.writer Jason Kay, Robert Harris, Matthew Johnson.length 225.0.released 2006-10-30.format 12.0.bSide Runaway.lastSingle "Hollywood Swinging".nextSingle "White Knuckle Ride".Runaway (Jamiroquai song)."Runaway" is the first and only single taken from British acid jazz band Jamiroquai's greatest hits compilation, High Times: Singles 1992–2006. The single was released on 30 October 2006. It was their fifth #1 on the U.S. Dance Chart and peaked at #18 on the UK Singles Chart..comment "Runaway" is the first and only single taken from British acid jazz band Jamiroquai's greatest hits compilation, High Times: Singles 1992–2006. The single was released on 30 October 2006. It was their fifth #1 on the U.S. Dance Chart and peaked at #18 on the UK Singles Chart..
47/63	==DB== Runaway.genre *.producer Lance Quinn.writer George Karak.length 230.0.format 7.bSide 2.nextSingle "She Don't Know Me".Runaway (Bon Jovi song)."Runaway" is a single by American rock band Bon Jovi. The song was originally recorded in 1981 for the so-called "Power Station Demos". The recordings were primarily done by an ensemble simply known as Jon Bongiovi & the Rest. One night after a show, Richie Sambora found Bon Jovi backstage and told him that he should be the guitarist. Bon Jovi wrote him off and did not think much of it but told him to learn the material and show up for rehearsal. Sambora was early and knew the material and Bon Jovi was impressed; in that moment, Sambora became the band's lead guitarist and Bon Jovi was born. The track released in 1983 was recorded in 1983 by Jon Bon Jovi and a group of studio musicians known as "The All Star Review", which included bassist Hugh McDonald (who would join Bon Jovi in 1995 as an unofficial member), guitarist Tim Pierce and keyboardist Roy Bittan. The keyboard intro was written by Mick Seeley, then of John Bongiovi and the Wild Ones and later with Southside Johnny & The Asbury Jukes. In 1983, local radio station WAPP 103.5FM "The Apple" had a contest, held in conjunction with St. John's University, to search for the best unsigned band. After the song won the contest, it became an instant hit in the summer of 1983. Runaway was later released as the first song from their debut album Bon Jovi in 1984. It hit the Top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100 at #39 in early 1984 and became the band's first Top 40 hit in US. In recent live performances, frontman and occasional rhythm guitarist Jon Bon Jovi has been known to do a short guitar solo near the end of the song instead of hitting the usual high notes at the end, something only done in the 1980s, although the live album One Wild Night: Live 1985-2001 features Jon Bon Jovi hitting the high notes at the end of the song. A dance/club remake of "Runaway" was released in July 2008 by "DJ Freddy Retro featuring Jim Davis Jr." on Casa Records. The song was featured on a MasterCard television commercial and in the movie Paul Blart: Mall Cop. After the band attained worldwide stardom in the mid-late 1980s, the band essentially disowned the material from their pre-stardom albums in their live sets in favor of more well known and accomplished material. Despite this fact however, "Runaway" is a song of which they have always been proud. For well over 20 years, it has been the only song from the bands' first two albums that has been performed live on a regular basis. A few others have been played live over the years, most notably during The Circle Tour in 2010, however they were extreme rarities when they appeared and were not regularly performed..comment "Runaway" is a single by American rock band Bon Jovi. The song was originally recorded in 1981 for the so-called "Power Station Demos". The recordings were primarily done by an ensemble simply known as Jon Bongiovi & the Rest. One night after a show, Richie Sambora found Bon Jovi backstage and told him that he should be the guitarist. Bon Jovi wrote him off and did not think much of it but told him to learn the material and show up for rehearsal. Sambora was early and knew the material and Bon Jovi was impressed; in that moment, Sambora became the band's lead guitarist and Bon Jovi was born..
48/63	==DB== Runaway.producer Kanye West, Emile, Jeff Bhasker, Mike Dean.writer Kanye West, Terrence Thornton, Emile Haynie, Jeff Bhasker, Mike Dean, John Roger Branch.filename Runawaykanye.ogg.title "Runaway".description A sample of "Runaway" which features the repetitive piano riff over the lush production. West sings the song's chorus about having a "toast to the scumbags.".length 283.0.length 548.0.released 2010-10-04.artist Kanye West featuring Pusha T.lastSingle "Erase Me".nextSingle "Monster".Runaway (Kanye West song)."Runaway" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West, released as the second single from his fifth studio album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy (2010). It features Pusha T, who is signed to West's label GOOD Music. The production was handled by West, Emile, Jeff Bhasker, and Mike Dean. The composition features repetitive piano riffs, intricate samples and a production style with several similarities to West's album 808s & Heartbreak (2008). Described as a deeply personal song in nature, it expresses West's thoughts on his failed relationships, and his acceptance of the media's perception of him. Lyrically the song explores criticism aimed at West in the past and serves as a "toast to the douchebags." Before the song's premiere at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards, it generated substantial public interest due to what had happened the year prior at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards. West's performance was rewarded with positive reviews, with the full song being released online on October 4, 2010. The song received general acclaim from music critics and was listed amongst the best songs of the year by several publications, including MTV, Pitchfork Media, Rolling Stone, Complex, New York Post, amongst others. Critics praised the song for its sincere subject matter, the openness of the song and the soulful, clean production. Upon release, the song became one of the best reviewed singles released by West, with several critics noted that the track solidified West's commercial comeback with the public. The song debuted and peaked on the Billboard Hot 100 at position 12 and is the centerpiece of Runaway, a 35-minute short film featuring the majority of songs from My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. The song's nearly ten-minute music video features ballet dancers performing elaborate choreography. The music video received mostly positive reviews from music critics, who praised the scope of the video, the degree of creativity and the production design. Multiple cover artworks were designed by contemporary visual artist George Condo. Along with the MTV Video Music Awards, the song was performed on Saturday Night Live, his Watch the Throne Tour and at the Coachella Music Festival with a guest appearance by Pusha T..comment "Runaway" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West, released as the second single from his fifth studio album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy (2010). It features Pusha T, who is signed to West's label GOOD Music. The production was handled by West, Emile, Jeff Bhasker, and Mike Dean. The composition features repetitive piano riffs, intricate samples and a production style with several similarities to West's album 808s & Heartbreak (2008). Described as a deeply personal song in nature, it expresses West's thoughts on his failed relationships, and his acceptance of the media's perception of him. Lyrically the song explores criticism aimed at West in the past and serves as a "toast to the douchebags.".
49/63	==DB== Runaway.runtime 2100.0.starring Kanye West.music Kanye West.Runaway (2010 film).Runaway is a 2010 American musical short film directed by Kanye West. It serves as the music video for a compilation of songs from West's album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. It is inspired by other music-related films such as Purple Rain, Pink Floyd The Wall and Michael Jackson's Thriller and painters Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse. Directors Federico Fellini and Stanley Kubrick as well as fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld are also direct inspirations. The film depicts a romantic relationship between a man and a half-woman, half-phoenix, and is set to music by Kanye West from his album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy (2010)..comment Runaway is a 2010 American musical short film directed by Kanye West. It serves as the music video for a compilation of songs from West's album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. It is inspired by other music-related films such as Purple Rain, Pink Floyd The Wall and Michael Jackson's Thriller and painters Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse. Directors Federico Fellini and Stanley Kubrick as well as fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld are also direct inspirations. The film depicts a romantic relationship between a man and a half-woman, half-phoenix, and is set to music by Kanye West from his album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy (2010)..
50/63	==DB== Runaways.genre *.producer *.producer *The Killers.length 244.0.released 2012-07-17.released 2012-09-09.format *.lastSingle "The Cowboys' Christmas Ball".nextSingle "Miss Atomic Bomb".Runaways (song)."Runaways" is a song by American rock band The Killers. It was released in 2012 as the lead single from their fourth studio album Battle Born (2012)..comment "Runaways" is a song by American rock band The Killers. It was released in 2012 as the lead single from their fourth studio album Battle Born (2012)..
51/63	==DB== Runaway.producer Galantis.writer *.writer * Julia Karlsson * Jimmy Koitzsch * Anton Rundberg.*.released 2014-10-05.format *.lastSingle "You".nextSingle "Gold Dust".Runaway (U & I)."Runaway (U & I)" is a song by Swedish electronic music duo Galantis. It was released on 5 October 2014 as the lead single from their debut studio album Pharmacy (2015). The song features Julia Karlsson performing the chorus and Cathy Dennis performing two verses on heavily processed and uncredited vocals. In early 2015 it achieved chart success on the Australian Singles Chart reaching number four, and on the New Zealand Singles Chart, where it peaked at number six. It also debuted at number four on the UK Singles Chart and has since sold over 600,000 units to date, giving it a Platinum certification by the British Phonographic Industry. The song was written by Anton Rundberg, Julia Karlsson, Linus Eklöw, Christian Karlsson, Jimmy Koitzsch and Cathy Dennis. Billboard ranked the song at number five on its "The 10 Best Electronic/Dance Songs of 2014" list. "Runaway (U & I)" received a nomination for Best Dance Recording at the 58th Grammy Awards. The song is written in B-flat minor at a tempo of 120 beats per minute..comment "Runaway (U & I)" is a song by Swedish electronic music duo Galantis. It was released on 5 October 2014 as the lead single from their debut studio album Pharmacy (2015). The song features Julia Karlsson performing the chorus and Cathy Dennis performing two verses on heavily processed and uncredited vocals. The song is written in B-flat minor at a tempo of 120 beats per minute..
52/63	==DB== Runaway!.producer David Lowell Rich, Jay Benson, Harve Bennett.runtime 4380.0.Runaway! (1973 film).Runaway!, also known as The Runaway Train, is a 1973 film made for ABC television directed by David Lowell Rich. It is an action thriller involving skiers trapped on a runaway train speeding down a mountain. The film was produced by Universal. The Denver & Rio Grande Western's Ski Train equipment and Rio Grande locomotives were utilized in the filming. The Ski Train served the Winter Park, Colorado ski resort area west of Denver, Colorado. Rio Grande locomotives were re-lettered for fictional Sierra Pacific..comment Runaway!, also known as The Runaway Train, is a 1973 film made for ABC television directed by David Lowell Rich. It is an action thriller involving skiers trapped on a runaway train speeding down a mountain. The film was produced by Universal. The Denver & Rio Grande Western's Ski Train equipment and Rio Grande locomotives were utilized in the filming. The Ski Train served the Winter Park, Colorado ski resort area west of Denver, Colorado. Rio Grande locomotives were re-lettered for fictional Sierra Pacific..
53/63	==DB== Runaway.length 2265.0.released 1986-05-12.lastAlbum Happy Days.nextAlbum Much More.recorded March to April 1986, Panther House, Miami Beach.Runaway (Carola album).Runaway is an album from Swedish singer Carola Häggkvist, released on 12 May 1986 in Sweden and Norway. The album was produced by Maurice Gibb and written by him together with brothers Robin and Barry Gibb otherwise known as the Bee Gees. On the album charts, the album peaked at number 2 in Sweden, number 9 in Norway. Tracks "The Runaway" and "Brand New Heart" were recorded by Irish Eurovision group Luv Bug (who were competing in the 1986 Eurovision Song Contest at the time of the album's release). The latter was released as a single in early 1988..comment Runaway is an album from Swedish singer Carola Häggkvist, released on 12 May 1986 in Sweden and Norway. The album was produced by Maurice Gibb and written by him together with brothers Robin and Barry Gibb otherwise known as the Bee Gees. On the album charts, the album peaked at number 2 in Sweden, number 9 in Norway. Tracks "The Runaway" and "Brand New Heart" were recorded by Irish Eurovision group Luv Bug (who were competing in the 1986 Eurovision Song Contest at the time of the album's release). The latter was released as a single in early 1988..
54/63	==DB== Net Force Explorers: Runaways.pages 184.isbn 747261563.series Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers, #16.Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Runaways.Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force..comment Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force..
55/63	==DB== Runaway.producer John O'Shea.writer John Graham.writer John O'Shea.runtime 6120.0.country New Zealand.Runaway (1964 film).Runaway, also called Runaway Killer, is a 1964 New Zealand made thriller film and a road movie. John O’Shea of Pacific Films produced, directed and co-wrote it. Shot in black & white and released on 35 mm and also 16 mm, it was cut to 80 minutes and renamed Runaway Killer for release in Britain, although this lost continuity between scenes. The film starred Colin Broadley in the lead, and several New Zealanders who became famous in other fields; Kiri Te Kanawa, Barry Crump and Ray Columbus..comment Runaway, also called Runaway Killer, is a 1964 New Zealand made thriller film and a road movie. John O’Shea of Pacific Films produced, directed and co-wrote it. Shot in black & white and released on 35 mm and also 16 mm, it was cut to 80 minutes and renamed Runaway Killer for release in Britain, although this lost continuity between scenes. The film starred Colin Broadley in the lead, and several New Zealanders who became famous in other fields; Kiri Te Kanawa, Barry Crump and Ray Columbus..
56/63	==DB== runtime 1680.0.showName Runaway.starring Haydon Downing.numEpisodes 3.firstAired 2009-03-19.lastAired 2009-03-29.Runaway (TV serial).Runaway is the story of a young boy who takes to the streets to get away from the torment he suffers at school and daily problems at home. Life at home is rife with daily doses of scoldings from his half-drunk mother, and his two younger brothers Dean and Jack pay him scant attention until noticing he is missing. On his journey, Sean meets a girl named Molly who takes him to a crumbling mill where her family lives. The series follows the police search for Sean, and how his disappearance affects his family. Runaways was part of a short season on CBBC about children and homelessness, along with a 5-part documentary "Sofa Surfers". The program was first shown as three separated half-hour episodes in March 2009, and later as an 82-minute film..comment Runaway is the story of a young boy who takes to the streets to get away from the torment he suffers at school and daily problems at home. Life at home is rife with daily doses of scoldings from his half-drunk mother, and his two younger brothers Dean and Jack pay him scant attention until noticing he is missing. On his journey, Sean meets a girl named Molly who takes him to a crumbling mill where her family lives. The series follows the police search for Sean, and how his disappearance affects his family..
57/63	==DB== runtime 1260.0.showName The Runaways.starring Patti Cohoon-Friedman.starring Karen Machon.numSeasons 2.numEpisodes 17.executiveProducer William Robert Yates.firstAired 1978-04-27.lastAired 1979-09-04.The Runaways (TV series).The Runaways is an American drama television series. The series aired from April 27, 1978, to September 4, 1979, on NBC..comment The Runaways is an American drama television series. The series aired from April 27, 1978, to September 4, 1979, on NBC..
58/63	==DB== Runaway.producer * Jeff Coplan *.writer * Robert Blackledge * Stephen Barker Liles *.length 230.0.released 2009-03-16.nextSingle "Dancing in Circles".Runaway (Love and Theft song)."Runaway" is title of a debut song written by Stephen Barker Liles, Robert Blackledge and Canaan Smith, and recorded by American country music group Love and Theft. It is the lead-off single from the band's debut album World Wide Open. The song debuted on the Hot Country Songs chart in March 2009..comment "Runaway" is title of a debut song written by Stephen Barker Liles, Robert Blackledge and Canaan Smith, and recorded by American country music group Love and Theft. It is the lead-off single from the band's debut album World Wide Open. The song debuted on the Hot Country Songs chart in March 2009..
59/63	==DB== 
60/63	==DB== distributor Sony Pictures Television.runtime 3600.0.showName Runaway.starring Karen Leblanc.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 9.company Golly.lastAired 2006-10-15.Runaway (2006 TV series).Runaway is an American drama series that aired on The CW from September 25, 2006 to October 15, 2006. The series was created by Chad Hodge and was produced by Golly and Darren Star Productions in association with Sony Pictures Television. Along with The Game, it was one of only two series on the new network not to be inherited as previously aired from either of its predecessor networks, The WB and UPN. The series aired on both Global and CH in Canada. The show was officially cancelled on October 18, 2006..comment Runaway is an American drama series that aired on The CW from September 25, 2006 to October 15, 2006. The series was created by Chad Hodge and was produced by Golly and Darren Star Productions in association with Sony Pictures Television. Along with The Game, it was one of only two series on the new network not to be inherited as previously aired from either of its predecessor networks, The WB and UPN. The series aired on both Global and CH in Canada. The show was officially cancelled on October 18, 2006..
61/63	==DB== Runaway.writer Cordell Barker.distributor National Film Board of Canada.runtime 550.0.Runaway (2009 film).Runaway is a 2009 animated short by Canadian animator Cordell Barker. The film received a special jury award for short films at the Annecy International Animation Film Festival and was named the best animated short film at the 2010 Genie Awards. The film was also selected for the Sundance Film Festival and was short-listed, though not nominated, for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film. It was also included in the Animation Show of Shows..comment Runaway is a 2009 animated short by Canadian animator Cordell Barker. The film received a special jury award for short films at the Annecy International Animation Film Festival and was named the best animated short film at the 2010 Genie Awards. The film was also selected for the Sundance Film Festival and was short-listed, though not nominated, for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film. It was also included in the Animation Show of Shows..
62/63	==DB== Runaway.length 215.0.released 1995-08-29.lastSingle "Scream".nextSingle "Twenty Foreplay".Runaway (Janet Jackson song)."Runaway" is a song recorded by American singer Janet Jackson for her first greatest hits album, Design of a Decade: 1986–1996 (1995). Written and produced by Jackson and Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, the track was released as the album's lead single on August 29, 1995, by A&M Records..comment "Runaway" is a song recorded by American singer Janet Jackson for her first greatest hits album, Design of a Decade: 1986–1996 (1995). Written and produced by Jackson and Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, the track was released as the album's lead single on August 29, 1995, by A&M Records..
63/63	==DB== Runaway (dependent).A runaway is a minor or (depending upon the local jurisdiction) a person under an arbitrary age, who has left their parent or legal guardian without permission, or has been dismissed by their parent and is considered by the local authorities to lack the capacity to live under his or her own accord (the latter is sometimes referred to as a throwaway). Statistics show that runaways are equally likely to be male or female..comment A runaway is a minor or (depending upon the local jurisdiction) a person under an arbitrary age, who has left their parent or legal guardian without permission, or has been dismissed by their parent and is considered by the local authorities to lack the capacity to live under his or her own accord (the latter is sometimes referred to as a throwaway). Statistics show that runaways are equally likely to be male or female..
===198	run off	8
1/8	==SS== To flee or depart quickly.''Don't '''run off''' before the end of the event.'' ''He '''ran off''' to France leaving her with all the debts and three children to bring up.'' 
2/8	==DB== Runoff (program).runoff was the text formatting program on the Multics operating system. It was a descendant of the RUNOFF type-setting program from CTSS and was originally written by Jerome H. Saltzer. Bob Morris and Doug McIlroy translated that from MAD assembler to BCPL; they then moved the BCPL version to Multics when the IBM 7094 on which CTSS ran was being shut down. A later version of runoff for Multics was written in PL/I by Dennis Capps, in 1974.This runoff code was the ancestor of the machine language roff that was written for the fledgling Unix. Other versions of Runoff were developed for various computer systems including Digital Equipment Corporation's PDP-11 minicomputer systems running RT-11, RSTS/E, RSX on Digital's PDP-10 and for OpenVMS on VAX minicomputers, as well as UNIVAC Series 90 mainframes using the EDT text editor under the VS/9 operating system. These different releases of Runoff typically had little in common except the convention of indicating a command to Runoff by beginning the line with a period..comment runoff was the text formatting program on the Multics operating system. It was a descendant of the RUNOFF type-setting program from CTSS and was originally written by Jerome H. Saltzer. Bob Morris and Doug McIlroy translated that from MAD assembler to BCPL; they then moved the BCPL version to Multics when the IBM 7094 on which CTSS ran was being shut down. A later version of runoff for Multics was written in PL/I by Dennis Capps, in 1974.This runoff code was the ancestor of the machine language roff that was written for the fledgling Unix..
3/8	==DB== Runoff model (reservoir).A runoff model is a mathematical model describing the rainfall–runoff relations of a rainfall catchment area, drainage basin or watershed. More precisely, it produces a surface runoff hydrograph in response to a rainfall event, represented by and input as a hyetograph. In other words, the model calculates the conversion of rainfall into runoff.A well known runoff model is the linear reservoir, but in practice it has limited applicability.The runoff model with a non-linear reservoir is more universally applicable, but still it holds only for catchments whose surface area is limited by the condition that the rainfall can be considered more or less uniformly distributed over the area. The maximum size of the watershed then depends on the rainfall characteristics of the region. When the study area is too large, it can be divided into sub-catchments and the various runoff hydrographs may be combined using flood routing techniques. Rainfall-runoff models need to be calibrated before they can be used..comment A runoff model is a mathematical model describing the rainfall–runoff relations of a rainfall catchment area, drainage basin or watershed. More precisely, it produces a surface runoff hydrograph in response to a rainfall event, represented by and input as a hyetograph. In other words, the model calculates the conversion of rainfall into runoff.A well known runoff model is the linear reservoir, but in practice it has limited applicability.The runoff model with a non-linear reservoir is more universally applicable, but still it holds only for catchments whose surface area is limited by the condition that the rainfall can be considered more or less uniformly distributed over the area. The maximum size of the watershed then depends on the rainfall characteristics of the region. When the study .
4/8	==DB== Runoff voting.
5/8	==DB== Runoff curve number.The runoff curve number (also called a curve number or simply CN) is an empirical parameter used in hydrology for predicting direct runoff or infiltration from rainfall excess. The curve number method was developed by the USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service, which was formerly called the Soil Conservation Service or SCS — the number is still popularly known as a "SCS runoff curve number" in the literature. The runoff curve number was developed from an empirical analysis of runoff from small catchments and hillslope plots monitored by the USDA. It is widely used and is an efficient method for determining the approximate amount of direct runoff from a rainfall event in a particular area. The runoff curve number is based on the area's hydrologic soil group, land use, treatment and hydrologic condition. References, such as from USDA indicate the runoff curve numbers for characteristic land cover descriptions and a hydrologic soil group. The runoff equation is: where is runoff ([L]; in) is rainfall ([L]; in) is the potential maximum soil moisture retention after runoff begins ([L]; in) is the initial abstraction ([L]; in), or the amount of water before runoff, such as infiltration, or rainfall interception by vegetation; historically, it has generally been assumed that , although more recent research has found that may be a more appropriate relationship in urbanized watersheds where the CN is updated to reflect developed conditions. The runoff curve number, , is then related has a range from 30 to 100; lower numbers indicate low runoff potential while larger numbers are for increasing runoff potential. The lower the curve number, the more permeable the soil is. As can be seen in the curve number equation, runoff cannot begin until the initial abstraction has been met. It is important to note that the curve number methodology is an event-based calculation, and should not be used for a single annual rainfall value, as this will incorrectly miss the effects of antecedent moisture and the necessity of an initial abstraction threshold..comment The runoff curve number (also called a curve number or simply CN) is an empirical parameter used in hydrology for predicting direct runoff or infiltration from rainfall excess. The curve number method was developed by the USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service, which was formerly called the Soil Conservation Service or SCS — the number is still popularly known as a "SCS runoff curve number" in the literature. The runoff curve number was developed from an empirical analysis of runoff from small catchments and hillslope plots monitored by the USDA. It is widely used and is an efficient method for determining the approximate amount of direct runoff from a rainfall event in a particular area..
6/8	==DB== Instant-runoff voting.Instant-runoff voting (IRV), also known as the alternative vote (AV), transferable vote, (single-seat) ranked-choice voting (RCV), or preferential voting, is a voting system used in single-seat elections when there are more than two candidates. Instead of just voting for a single candidate, in IRV voters rank the candidates in order of preference. Ballots are initially counted for each elector's top choice. If a candidate secures more than half of these votes, that candidate wins. Otherwise, whoever is in last place is eliminated from the race. On each ballot, if the eliminated candidate was given a ranking, the surviving candidates ranked lower than the eliminated one move up one slot. Candidates ranked higher on such ballots are not affected. The top choices on all the ballots are then counted again. This process repeats until one candidate is the top remaining choice of a majority of the voters. When the field is reduced to two, it has become an "instant runoff" that allows a comparison of the top two candidates head-to-head. IRV has the effect of avoiding split votes when multiple candidates earn support from like-minded voters. For example, suppose there are two similar candidates A & B, and a third opposing candidate C, with vote totals of 35% for candidate A, 25% for B and 40% for C. In a plurality voting system, candidate C may win with 40% of the votes, even though 60% of electors prefer either A or B. Alternatively, voters are pressured to choose the seemingly stronger candidate of either A or B, despite personal preference for the other, in order to help ensure the defeat of C. With IRV, the electors backing B as their first choice can rank A second, which means candidate A will win by 60% to 40% over C despite the split vote in first choices. Instant-runoff voting is used in national elections in several countries. For example, it is used to elect members of the Australian House of Representatives and most Australian state legislatures, the President of India, members of legislative councils in India, the President of Ireland, and the parliament in Papua New Guinea. The system is also used in local elections around the world, as well as by some political parties (to elect internal leaders) and private associations. IRV is described in Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised (under the name "preferential voting")..comment Instant-runoff voting (IRV), also known as the alternative vote (AV), transferable vote, (single-seat) ranked-choice voting (RCV), or preferential voting, is a voting system used in single-seat elections when there are more than two candidates. Instead of just voting for a single candidate, in IRV voters rank the candidates in order of preference. Ballots are initially counted for each elector's top choice. If a candidate secures more than half of these votes, that candidate wins. Otherwise, whoever is in last place is eliminated from the race. On each ballot, if the eliminated candidate was given a ranking, the surviving candidates ranked lower than the eliminated one move up one slot. Candidates ranked higher on such ballots are not affected. The top choices on all the ballots are then c.
7/8	==DB== Surface runoff.Surface runoff (also known as overland flow) is the flow of water that occurs when excess stormwater, meltwater, or other sources flows over the Earth's surface. This might occur because soil is saturated to full capacity, because rain arrives more quickly than soil can absorb it, or because impervious areas (roofs and pavement) send their runoff to surrounding soil that cannot absorb all of it. Surface runoff is a major component of the water cycle. It is the primary agent in soil erosion by water. Runoff that occurs on the ground surface before reaching a channel is also called a nonpoint source. If a nonpoint source contains man-made contaminants, or natural forms of pollution (such as rotting leaves) the runoff is called nonpoint source pollution. A land area which produces runoff that drains to a common point is called a drainage basin. When runoff flows along the ground, it can pick up soil contaminants including petroleum, pesticides, or fertilizers that become discharge or nonpoint source pollution. In addition to causing water erosion and pollution, surface runoff in urban areas is a primary cause of urban flooding which can result in property damage, damp and mold in basements, and street flooding..comment Surface runoff (also known as overland flow) is the flow of water that occurs when excess stormwater, meltwater, or other sources flows over the Earth's surface. This might occur because soil is saturated to full capacity, because rain arrives more quickly than soil can absorb it, or because impervious areas (roofs and pavement) send their runoff to surrounding soil that cannot absorb all of it. Surface runoff is a major component of the water cycle. It is the primary agent in soil erosion by water..
8/8	==DB== RUNOFF.
===199	run on	4
1/4	==SS== To continue without interruption''We can't afford for the performance to '''run on''' for more than the specified time.'' 
2/4	==DB== Run-on sentence.A run-on is a sentence in which two or more independent clauses (i.e., complete sentences) are joined without an appropriate punctuation or conjunction. For example: It is nearly half past five we cannot reach town before dark. Although this is generally considered a stylistic error, it is occasionally used in literature and may be used as a rhetorical device..comment A run-on is a sentence in which two or more independent clauses (i.e., complete sentences) are joined without an appropriate punctuation or conjunction. For example: It is nearly half past five we cannot reach town before dark. Although this is generally considered a stylistic error, it is occasionally used in literature and may be used as a rhetorical device..
3/4	==DB== Nuclear run-on.A nuclear run-on assay is conducted to identify the genes that are being transcribed at a certain time point. Approximately one million cell nuclei are isolated and incubated with labeled nucleotides, and genes in the process of being transcribed are detected by hybridization of extracted RNA to gene specific probes on a blot. Garcia-Martinez et al. (2004)  developed a protocol for the yeast S. cerevisiae (Genomic run-on, GRO) that allows for the calculation of transcription rates (TRs) for all yeast genes to estimate mRNA stabilities for all yeast mRNAs. Alternative microarray methods have recently been developed, mainly PolII RIP-chip: RNA immunoprecipitation of RNA polymerase II with phosphorylated C-terminal domain directed antibodies and hybridization on a microarray slide or chip (the word chip in the name stems from "ChIP-chip" where a special Affymetrix genechip was required). A comparison of methods based on run-on and ChIP-chip has been made in yeast (Pelechano et al., 2009). A general correspondence of both methods has been detected but GRO is more sensitive and quantitative. It has to be considered that run-on only detects elongating RNA polymerases whereas ChIP-chip detects all present RNA polymerases, including backtracked ones. Attachment of new RNA polymerase to genes is prevented by inclusion of Sarkosyl. Therefore only genes that already have an RNA polymerase will produce labeled transcripts. RNA transcripts that were synthesized before the addition of the label will not be detected as they will lack the label. These run on transcripts can also be detected by purifying labeled transcripts by using antibodies that detect the label and hybridizing these isolated transcripts with gene expression arrays or by next generation sequencing (GRO-Seq). Run on assays have been largely supplanted with Global Run on assays that use next generation DNA sequencing as a readout platform. These assays are known as GRO-Seq and provide an incredibly detailed view of genes engaged in transcription with quantitative levels of expression. Array based methods for analyzing Global run on (GRO) assays are being replaced with Next Generation Sequencing which eliminates the design of probes against gene sequences. Sequencing will catalog all transcripts produced even if they are not reported in databases. GRO-seq involves the labeling of newly synthesized transcripts with bromouridine (BrU). Cells or nuclei are incubated with BrUTP in the presence of Sarkosyl which prevents the attachment of RNA polymerase to the DNA. Therefore only RNA polymerase that are already on the DNA before the addition of Sarkosyl will produce new transcripts that will be labeled with BrU. The labeled transcripts are captured with anti-BrU antibody labeled beads, converted to cDNAs and then sequenced by Next Generation DNA sequencing. The sequencing reads are then aligned to the genome and number of reads per transcript provide an accurate estimate of the number of transcripts synthesized..comment A nuclear run-on assay is conducted to identify the genes that are being transcribed at a certain time point. Approximately one million cell nuclei are isolated and incubated with labeled nucleotides, and genes in the process of being transcribed are detected by hybridization of extracted RNA to gene specific probes on a blot. Garcia-Martinez et al. (2004)  developed a protocol for the yeast S. cerevisiae (Genomic run-on, GRO) that allows for the calculation of transcription rates (TRs) for all yeast genes to estimate mRNA stabilities for all yeast mRNAs..
4/4	==DB== Run-on.In hydrology, run-on refers to surface runoff from an external area that flows on to an area of interest. A portion of run-on can infiltrate once it reaches the area of interest. Run-on is common in arid and semi-arid areas with patchy vegetation cover and short but intense thunderstorms. In these environments, surface runoff is usually generated by a failure of rainfall to infiltrate into the ground quickly enough (this runoff is termed infiltration excess overland flow). This is more likely to occur on bare soil, with low infiltration capacity. As runoff flows downslope, it may run-on to ground with higher infiltration capacity (such as beneath vegetation) and then infiltrate. Run-on is an important process in the hydrological and ecohydrological behaviour of semi-arid ecosystems. Tiger bush is an example of a vegetation community that develops a patterned structure in response to, in part, the generation of runoff and run-on..comment In hydrology, run-on refers to surface runoff from an external area that flows on to an area of interest. A portion of run-on can infiltrate once it reaches the area of interest. Run-on is common in arid and semi-arid areas with patchy vegetation cover and short but intense thunderstorms. In these environments, surface runoff is usually generated by a failure of rainfall to infiltrate into the ground quickly enough (this runoff is termed infiltration excess overland flow). This is more likely to occur on bare soil, with low infiltration capacity. As runoff flows downslope, it may run-on to ground with higher infiltration capacity (such as beneath vegetation) and then infiltrate..
===200	sail away	10
1/10	==DB== Sail Away.Sail Away (musical).Sail Away is a musical with a book, music and lyrics by Noël Coward. The show was the last musical for which Coward wrote both the book and music, although he wrote the music for one last "book" musical in 1963. The story centres on brash, bold American divorcee Mimi Paragon, working as a hostess on a British cruise ship. The musical ran on Broadway (1961) and in the West End (1962) and has been revived since..comment Sail Away is a musical with a book, music and lyrics by Noël Coward. The show was the last musical for which Coward wrote both the book and music, although he wrote the music for one last "book" musical in 1963. The story centres on brash, bold American divorcee Mimi Paragon, working as a hostess on a British cruise ship. The musical ran on Broadway (1961) and in the West End (1962) and has been revived since..
2/10	==DB== Sail Away.writer Randy Newman.Sail Away (Randy Newman song)."Sail Away" is a song by Randy Newman, the title track of his 1972 album..comment "Sail Away" is a song by Randy Newman, the title track of his 1972 album..
3/10	==DB== runtime 30.0.showName Sail Away.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 13.firstAired 2001-05-26.lastAired 2001-07-07.Sail Away (TV series).Sail Away is a 2001 short-lived children's reality TV series which follows ten teenagers sailing aboard the Simpatico off the Bahamas with assistance from their leader Nicolas Popov and Dragan Popov. There are no plans for a second series. The series was produced by Discovery Kids. The first series was filmed in 2000, aired in early 2001 and consisted of 13 episodes..comment Sail Away is a 2001 short-lived children's reality TV series which follows ten teenagers sailing aboard the Simpatico off the Bahamas with assistance from their leader Nicolas Popov and Dragan Popov. There are no plans for a second series. The series was produced by Discovery Kids. The first series was filmed in 2000, aired in early 2001 and consisted of 13 episodes..
4/10	==DB== Come Sail Away.producer Styx.length 3.format 7.0.bSide "Put Me On".lastSingle "Crystal Ball".nextSingle "Fooling Yourself (The Angry Young Man)".Come Sail Away."Come Sail Away" is a song by American progressive rock group Styx, featured on the band's seventh album The Grand Illusion (1977). Upon its release as the lead single from the album, "Come Sail Away" charted at #8 on the Billboard Hot 100, and helped The Grand Illusion achieve multi-platinum sales in 1978. It is one of the biggest hits of Styx's career..comment "Come Sail Away" is a song by American progressive rock group Styx, featured on the band's seventh album The Grand Illusion (1977). Upon its release as the lead single from the album, "Come Sail Away" charted at #8 on the Billboard Hot 100, and helped The Grand Illusion achieve multi-platinum sales in 1978. It is one of the biggest hits of Styx's career..
5/10	==DB== Sail Away.length 2558.0.released 1994-05-10.lastAlbum The Best of Great White: 1986–1992.nextAlbum Stage.Sail Away (Great White album).Sail Away is the seventh studio album by the American hard rock band Great White, released in 1994. It was a much mellower effort, dominated by acoustic guitars and laid back performances. Clarence Clemons of the E Street Band plays the sax solo on "Gone with the Wind". This is the band's first and only recording with bassist Teddy Cook, as well as their first release for Zoo Entertainment. The original issue came with a bonus CD entitled Anaheim Live. Though these CD's state that the bonus disc was part of a limited edition pressing, no other pressings on CD were made without Anaheim Live, likely because of the poor sales of the album..comment Sail Away is the seventh studio album by the American hard rock band Great White, released in 1994. It was a much mellower effort, dominated by acoustic guitars and laid back performances. Clarence Clemons of the E Street Band plays the sax solo on "Gone with the Wind". This is the band's first and only recording with bassist Teddy Cook, as well as their first release for Zoo Entertainment. The original issue came with a bonus CD entitled Anaheim Live. Though these CD's state that the bonus disc was part of a limited edition pressing, no other pressings on CD were made without Anaheim Live, likely because of the poor sales of the album..
6/10	==DB== Sail Away (Tom Harrell album).
7/10	==DB== Sail Away.length 228.0.released 2005-10-25.recorded 2005.lastSingle "No Fear".nextSingle "Shot".Sail Away (The Rasmus song)."Sail Away" is a song by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus, originally released on the band's sixth studio album Hide from the Sun on September 2, 2005. The song was written by the lead singer Lauri Ylönen. Sail away has been second in United States single list in 2005. The music video went #1 at MTV Latino in March 2006. It has also been a popular video on many other music channels in Europe. The single was released on October 25, 2005 by Playground Music Scandinavia. The cover of the maxi single is different from the original version. The maxi single contains the PC-program "The Rasmus Player". The image in the box to the right is the original cover. It is the second single from the album Hide from the Sun. "Sail Away" is a slow and melodic song with violin featured. The strings were arranged by Jesper Nordenström and performed by Jakob Ruthberg, Anna S Wallgren, Roland Kress and Christian Bergqvist..comment "Sail Away" is a song by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus, originally released on the band's sixth studio album Hide from the Sun on September 2, 2005. The song was written by the lead singer Lauri Ylönen. Sail away has been second in United States single list in 2005. The music video went #1 at MTV Latino in March 2006. It has also been a popular video on many other music channels in Europe. "Sail Away" is a slow and melodic song with violin featured. The strings were arranged by Jesper Nordenström and performed by Jakob Ruthberg, Anna S Wallgren, Roland Kress and Christian Bergqvist..
8/10	==DB== Sail Away.producer David Gray, Marius de Vries.writer David Gray.released 2001-07-16.lastSingle "This Year's Love".nextSingle "Say Hello Wave Goodbye".Sail Away (David Gray song)."Sail Away" is a song by David Gray. It was released as the fourth single from White Ladder on 16 July 2001. Remixes by Rae and Christian and Biffco were also commissioned and featured on the single formats. The DVD single features live video footage taken from his concert DVD release David Gray: Live. The song is featured in the movie 15 Minutes. The song is often played on the Expedia phone service while on hold, due to its message of escape. Sail Away has been covered by Norwegian singer/songwriter Alejandro Fuentes, which was performed at the Hallelujah concerts..comment "Sail Away" is a song by David Gray. It was released as the fourth single from White Ladder on 16 July 2001. Remixes by Rae and Christian and Biffco were also commissioned and featured on the single formats. The DVD single features live video footage taken from his concert DVD release David Gray: Live. The song is featured in the movie 15 Minutes. The song is often played on the Expedia phone service while on hold, due to its message of escape. Sail Away has been covered by Norwegian singer/songwriter Alejandro Fuentes, which was performed at the Hallelujah concerts..
9/10	==DB== Sail Away (The Oak Ridge Boys song).
10/10	==DB== Sail Away.producer Lenny Waronker and Russ Titelman.length 1807.0.lastAlbum Randy Newman Live.nextAlbum Good Old Boys.Sail Away (Randy Newman album).Sail Away is an album by Randy Newman, released in May 1972. It was produced by Lenny Waronker and Russ Titelman and issued on Reprise Records. While all of its songs were written and composed by Newman, several had already been recorded by other artists. In 2003, it was ranked number 321 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time..comment Sail Away is an album by Randy Newman, released in May 1972. It was produced by Lenny Waronker and Russ Titelman and issued on Reprise Records. While all of its songs were written and composed by Newman, several had already been recorded by other artists. In 2003, it was ranked number 321 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time..
===201	sell out	6
1/6	==SS== To sell all of a product that is in stock.{{syn|en|run out}} ''They '''sold out''' of concert posters yesterday and won't get another shipment until next week.'' 
2/6	==DB== $ell.Out.released 1999-03-01.released 1999-04-06.lastAlbum Number One.nextAlbum Saves.Sell Out (Pist.On album).$ell.Out is the second album from the heavy metal band Pist.On, recorded and released after the band was dropped by Atlantic Records..comment $ell.Out is the second album from the heavy metal band Pist.On, recorded and released after the band was dropped by Atlantic Records..
3/6	==DB== The Who Sell Out.type Studio album.length 2326.0.released 1967-12-15.lastAlbum A Quick One.nextAlbum Magic Bus: The Who on Tour.The Who Sell Out.The Who Sell Out is the third studio album by the British rock band The Who, released on 15 December 1967 by Track Records in the UK and Decca Records in the US. It is a concept album, formatted as a collection of unrelated songs interspersed with faux commercials and public service announcements. The album purports to be a broadcast by pirate radio station Radio London. Part of the intended irony of the title was that The Who were making commercials during that period of their career, some of which are included as bonus tracks on the remastered CD. The album's release was reportedly followed by lawsuits due to the mention of real-world commercial interests in the faux commercials and on the album covers, and by the makers of the real jingles (Radio London jingles), who claimed the Who used them without permission. (The jingles were produced by PAMS Productions of Dallas, Texas, which created thousands of station ID jingles in the 1960s and 1970s). It was the deodorant company, Odorono, who took offense that Chris Stamp made a request for endorsement dollars. "I Can See for Miles" was released as a single and peaked at #10 in the UK and #9 in the US. The Who Sell Out received widespread acclaim from critics, some of whom viewed it as The Who's best record and one of the greatest albums of all time..comment The Who Sell Out is the third studio album by the British rock band The Who, released on 15 December 1967 by Track Records in the UK and Decca Records in the US. It is a concept album, formatted as a collection of unrelated songs interspersed with faux commercials and public service announcements. The album purports to be a broadcast by pirate radio station Radio London. Part of the intended irony of the title was that The Who were making commercials during that period of their career, some of which are included as bonus tracks on the remastered CD..
4/6	==DB== Selling out.Selling out is a common idiomatic pejorative expression for the compromising of a person's integrity, morality, authenticity, or principles in exchange for personal gain, such as money. In terms of music or art, selling out is associated with attempts to tailor material to a mainstream or commercial audience; for example, a musician who alters his material to encompass a wider audience, and in turn generates greater revenue, may be labeled by fans who pre-date the change as a sellout..comment Selling out is a common idiomatic pejorative expression for the compromising of a person's integrity, morality, authenticity, or principles in exchange for personal gain, such as money. In terms of music or art, selling out is associated with attempts to tailor material to a mainstream or commercial audience; for example, a musician who alters his material to encompass a wider audience, and in turn generates greater revenue, may be labeled by fans who pre-date the change as a sellout..
5/6	==DB== Sell Out.length 227.0.released 1996-08-13.nextSingle "Take on Me".Sell Out (song)."Sell Out" is a song by American ska punk band Reel Big Fish, written by E. Ridenour. Released as the first track on the group's second album Turn the Radio Off on August 13, 1996. The song has proven to be one of Reel Big Fish's more popular releases. It has been interpreted as chronicling the payola scandals of early FM radio. However, it can also be seen as a satire of the way the pop music industry works in general. In the Beijing 2008 Olympics, the song was used in-between plays of beach volleyball..comment "Sell Out" is a song by American ska punk band Reel Big Fish, written by E. Ridenour. Released as the first track on the group's second album Turn the Radio Off on August 13, 1996. The song has proven to be one of Reel Big Fish's more popular releases. It has been interpreted as chronicling the payola scandals of early FM radio. However, it can also be seen as a satire of the way the pop music industry works in general. In the Beijing 2008 Olympics, the song was used in-between plays of beach volleyball..
6/6	==DB== Sell Out.artist Halfcocked.nextAlbum Occupation: Rock Star.Sell Out (Halfcocked album).Sell Out is the first release by Boston hard rock band Halfcocked..comment Sell Out is the first release by Boston hard rock band Halfcocked..
===202	settle down	4
1/4	==DB== Settle Down.length 216.0.length 361.0.released 2012-07-16.recorded The Nook.recorded Kingsbury Studios.recorded MixSuite LA.lastSingle "Bathwater (Invincible Overlord Remix)".nextSingle "Looking Hot".Settle Down (No Doubt song)."Settle Down" is a song by American rock band No Doubt. It is the first single from their sixth studio album Push and Shove (2012). Written by Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal, Tom Dumont, and produced by Spike Stent, it was released on July 16, 2012 by Interscope Records. The song is a combination of many styles, such as reggae, ska, dancehall, Latin and Caribbean-tinged beats, merging with American pop and rock music. Lyrically, the song is about confidence and about feeling good, adjusting yourself to unfamiliar circumstances. The song received positive reviews from music critics, who praised the band for "returning to form" and for being familiar with their other songs. Some critics wrote that it resembles the songs from their fifth album Rock Steady, and particularly "Hey Baby", while some others compared it to Santigold songs. A music video for the song was directed by Sophie Muller and released on July 16, 2012. In it, the members of No Doubt reassemble in the form of a trucking convoy, which meets up to perform the song in a parking lot. It received mostly favorable reviews, with the reviewers praising the colors, lights and the band for returning to do videos..comment "Settle Down" is a song by American rock band No Doubt. It is the first single from their sixth studio album Push and Shove (2012). Written by Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal, Tom Dumont, and produced by Spike Stent, it was released on July 16, 2012 by Interscope Records. The song is a combination of many styles, such as reggae, ska, dancehall, Latin and Caribbean-tinged beats, merging with American pop and rock music. Lyrically, the song is about confidence and about feeling good, adjusting yourself to unfamiliar circumstances..
2/4	==DB== Settle Down.producer The 1975.writer The 1975.released 2014-02-24.lastSingle "Girls".nextSingle "Robbers".Settle Down (The 1975 song)."Settle Down" is a song by English rock band The 1975, released from their self-titled debut as the fifth single on 24 February 2014. "Settle Down" was added to the playlist of British national radio station BBC Radio 1 on 20 January 2014..comment "Settle Down" is a song by English rock band The 1975, released from their self-titled debut as the fifth single on 24 February 2014. "Settle Down" was added to the playlist of British national radio station BBC Radio 1 on 20 January 2014..
3/4	==DB== Settle Down.genre *.Forum 5, Warner Bros. Records.length 242.0.length 257.0.released 2010-06-06.released 2011-11-01.nextSingle "Cameo Lover".Settle Down (Kimbra song)."Settle Down" is a song by New Zealand recording artist Kimbra from her debut studio album, Vows (2011). The song was released in New Zealand on 10 June 2010 as the lead single from the album and was re-released on 1 November 2011. The single peaked at number 37 on the New Zealand Singles Chart..comment "Settle Down" is a song by New Zealand recording artist Kimbra from her debut studio album, Vows (2011). The song was released in New Zealand on 10 June 2010 as the lead single from the album and was re-released on 1 November 2011. The single peaked at number 37 on the New Zealand Singles Chart..
4/4	==SS== To become quiet and calm after a period of disturbance or restlessness.''It took John a while to '''settle down''' after the [[phone]] call.'' 
===203	set back	4
1/4	==DB== Setback (architecture).A setback, sometimes called step-back, is a step-like recession in a wall. Setbacks were initially used for structural reasons, but now are often mandated by land use codes, or are used for aesthetical reasons. In densely built-up areas, setbacks also help get more daylight and fresh air to the street level..comment A setback, sometimes called step-back, is a step-like recession in a wall. Setbacks were initially used for structural reasons, but now are often mandated by land use codes, or are used for aesthetical reasons. In densely built-up areas, setbacks also help get more daylight and fresh air to the street level..
2/4	==SS== To delay or obstruct.{{ux|en|I expect it will '''set''' us '''back''' by a day or so, but I think a side trip will be worthwhile.}} 
3/4	==DB== Setbacks.producer Lord Quest, Willie B, Focus..., Phonix Beats, Dae One, Tae Beast, DJ Wes, King Blue, Rahki, Tommy Black, Sounwave.length 3756.0.released 2011-01-11.nextAlbum Habits & Contradictions.recorded TDE Recording Studio: House of Pain.recorded 2010.Setbacks (album).Setbacks is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist ScHoolboy Q, released for digital download on January 11, 2011 under Top Dawg Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from fellow Black Hippy members Kendrick Lamar, Jay Rock, Ab-Soul and singer-songwriters Alori Joh, Jhené Aiko and BJ the Chicago Kid. The album's production was handled by Lord Quest, Willie B, Focus..., Rahki, Phonix Beats, Tae Beast, DJ Wes, King Blue, Sounwave and more. Schoolboy Q titled the album Setbacks, due to the limitations he experienced and endured before releasing the album. After the release of Setbacks, the album reached number 100 on the US Billboard 200, number 12 on the Top Rap Albums, number 25 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number 13 on the Top Independent Albums chart. Only a few weeks after Setbacks was released, it already had 4,395 downloads and was praised by fans and critics alike..comment Setbacks is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist ScHoolboy Q, released for digital download on January 11, 2011 under Top Dawg Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from fellow Black Hippy members Kendrick Lamar, Jay Rock, Ab-Soul and singer-songwriters Alori Joh, Jhené Aiko and BJ the Chicago Kid. The album's production was handled by Lord Quest, Willie B, Focus..., Rahki, Phonix Beats, Tae Beast, DJ Wes, King Blue, Sounwave and more..
4/4	==DB== Setback (land use).In land use, a setback is the distance which a building or other structure is set back from a street or road, a river or other stream, a shore or flood plain, or any other place which is deemed to need protection. Depending on the jurisdiction, other things like fences, landscaping, septic tanks, and various potential hazards or nuisances might be regulated. Setbacks are generally set in municipal ordinances or zoning. Setbacks along state, provincial, or federal highways may also be set in the laws of the state or province, or the federal government. Homes usually have a setback from the property boundary, so that they cannot be placed close together. Setbacks may also allow for public utilities to access the buildings, and for access to utility meters. In some municipalities, setbacks are based on street right-of-ways, and not the front property line. Nonetheless, many of the world's cities, such as those built in the US before 1916 and the beginnings of zoning in the United States, do not employ setbacks. Zoning –and laws pertaining to site development, such as setbacks for front lawns– has been criticized recently by urban planners (most notably Jane Jacobs) for the role that these laws have played in producing urban sprawl and automobile-dependent, low-density cities. Older houses have smaller setbacks between properties, as walking was a primary mode of transportation and the distance people walked to actual destinations and, eventually, streetcar stops had to be kept short out of necessity. Distances of one to five feet at most are common in neighborhoods built in the United States before 1890, when the electric streetcar first became popular. Most suburbs laid out before 1920 have narrow lots and setbacks of five to fifteen feet between houses. As automobile ownership became common, setbacks increased further because zoning laws required developers to leave large spaces between the house and street. Recently, in some areas of the United States, setback requirements have been lowered so as to permit new homes and other structures to be closer to the street, one facet of the low impact development urban design movement. This permits a more usable rear yard and limits new impervious surface areas for the purposes of stormwater infiltration. Mailboxes, on the other hand, often have a maximum setback instead of a minimum one. A postal administration or postmaster may mandate that if a mailbox on a street is too far from the curb for the letter carrier to insert mail, without having to get out of the vehicle, the mail may not be delivered to that address at all until the situation is corrected..comment In land use, a setback is the distance which a building or other structure is set back from a street or road, a river or other stream, a shore or flood plain, or any other place which is deemed to need protection. Depending on the jurisdiction, other things like fences, landscaping, septic tanks, and various potential hazards or nuisances might be regulated. Setbacks are generally set in municipal ordinances or zoning. Setbacks along state, provincial, or federal highways may also be set in the laws of the state or province, or the federal government..
===204	set off	4
1/4	==SS== To leave; to begin a journey or trip.''He '''set off''' in search of better opportunities.'' 
2/4	==DB== Set-off (law).In law, a set-off is an equitable defence to the whole or to a portion of a plaintiff's claim. A set-off is the right of a debtor to balance mutual debts with a creditor. In bookkeeping terms, set-offs are also known as reconciliations. To determine a set-off, simply subtract the smaller debt from the larger. Any balance remaining due either of the parties is still owed, but the remainder of the mutual debts has been set off.  * The legal defense of set-off (above) was originally introduced to prevent the unfair situation whereby a person ("Party A") who owed money to another ("Party B") could be sent to debtors' prison, despite the fact that Party B also owed money to Party A. The law thus allows both parties to defer payment until their respective claims have been heard in court. Upon judgment, both claims are extinguished and replaced by a single net sum owing (e.g. If Party A owes Party B 100 and Party B owes Party A 105, the two sums are set off and replaced with a single obligation of 5 from Party B to Party A).  * Set-off can also be incorporated by contractual agreement so that, where a party defaults, the mutual amounts owing are automatically set off and extinguished.  *  In certain jurisdictions (including the UK), set-off takes place automatically upon the insolvency of a company. This means that, for each party which is both a creditor and debtor of the insolvent company, mutual debts are set-off against each other, and then either the bankrupt's creditor can claim the balance in the bankruptcy or the trustee in bankruptcy can ask for the balance remaining to be paid, depending on which side owed the most. This has been criticized as an undeclared security interest that violates the principle of pari passu. The alternative, where a creditor has to pay all its debts, but receive only a limited portion of the leftover moneys that other unsecured creditors get, poses the danger of 'knock-on' insolvencies. The right to set off is particularly important when reporting a bank's exposures to regulatory authorities. The situation where a bank has to report that it has lent a large sum to a borrower (and is therefore exposed, because there is a risk that the borrower might default thereby leading to the loss of the bank's or its depositors' money) is thus replaced (where the bank has taken security over shares or securities of the borrower) with an exposure of the money lent minus the value of the security taken..comment In law, a set-off is an equitable defence to the whole or to a portion of a plaintiff's claim. A set-off is the right of a debtor to balance mutual debts with a creditor. In bookkeeping terms, set-offs are also known as reconciliations. To determine a set-off, simply subtract the smaller debt from the larger. Any balance remaining due either of the parties is still owed, but the remainder of the mutual debts has been set off..
3/4	==DB== Set-off (printing).In printing, set-off is the term given to the unwanted transfer of ink from one printed sheet to another. The problem can occur with most types of printing, and is avoided by the use of slipsheets between copies (so any ink transfer occurs onto discardable paper) or anti-set-off spray powder. The term in offset printing also refers to the unwanted transfer of ink to rollers and friction points throughout the printing press. Ink that is not properly dried or set can build up over time and cause marking on the finished product. Additionally, some offset printing applications add moisture back into the paper after an offset heat set dryer. Water that does not have enough hardness will break down the calcium carbonate in the paper and cause build-up or set-off on later components of the press..comment In printing, set-off is the term given to the unwanted transfer of ink from one printed sheet to another. The problem can occur with most types of printing, and is avoided by the use of slipsheets between copies (so any ink transfer occurs onto discardable paper) or anti-set-off spray powder. The term in offset printing also refers to the unwanted transfer of ink to rollers and friction points throughout the printing press. Ink that is not properly dried or set can build up over time and cause marking on the finished product..
4/4	==DB== Set-off (architecture).In architecture and masonry, the term set-off is given to the horizontal line shown on a floorplan indicating a reduced wall thickness, and consequently the part of the thicker portion appears projecting before the thinner. In plinths, this is generally simply chamfered. In other parts of stonework, the set-off is generally concealed by a projecting stringer. Where, as in parapets, the upper part projects (is "proud of") the lower, the break is generally hid by a corbel watertable. The portions of buttress caps which recede one behind another are also called sets-off..comment In architecture and masonry, the term set-off is given to the horizontal line shown on a floorplan indicating a reduced wall thickness, and consequently the part of the thicker portion appears projecting before the thinner. In plinths, this is generally simply chamfered. In other parts of stonework, the set-off is generally concealed by a projecting stringer. Where, as in parapets, the upper part projects (is "proud of") the lower, the break is generally hid by a corbel watertable. The portions of buttress caps which recede one behind another are also called sets-off..
===205	shake down	17
1/17	==DB== Konvicted.genre *.producer Akon, Giorgio Tuinfort, Eminem, Rune Rask, Troo.L.S, Ghulam Sajid, SuperVillain Beats, T-Pain.length 2885.0.released 2006-11-14.lastAlbum Trouble.nextAlbum Freedom.recorded Late 2006 at White Room Studios.Konvicted.Konvicted is the second studio album by hip hop and R&B Senegalese-American singer Akon. It was released in November 2006. The album features collaborations with Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Styles P and T-Pain. He went on to become Billboard’s Top Artist of 2007, the #2 Hot 100 Producer of the Year, and #2 Hot 100 Songwriter of the year after the album was released..comment Konvicted is the second studio album by hip hop and R&B Senegalese-American singer Akon. It was released in November 2006. The album features collaborations with Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Styles P and T-Pain. He went on to become Billboard’s Top Artist of 2007, the #2 Hot 100 Producer of the Year, and #2 Hot 100 Songwriter of the year after the album was released..
2/17	==DB== Shakedown (testing).A shakedown is a period of testing or a trial journey undergone by a ship, aircraft or other craft and its crew before being declared operational. Statistically, a proportion of the components will fail after a relatively short period of use, and those that survive this period can be expected to last for a much longer, and more importantly, predictable life-span. For example, if a bolt has a hidden flaw introduced during manufacturing, it will not be as reliable as other bolts of the same type..comment A shakedown is a period of testing or a trial journey undergone by a ship, aircraft or other craft and its crew before being declared operational. Statistically, a proportion of the components will fail after a relatively short period of use, and those that survive this period can be expected to last for a much longer, and more importantly, predictable life-span. For example, if a bolt has a hidden flaw introduced during manufacturing, it will not be as reliable as other bolts of the same type..
3/17	==SS== To cause something to fall down by shaking it, or something it is attached to.'''''shake down''' apples from an apple tree.'' 
4/17	==DB== Shakedown.producer Keith Forsey.writer Bob Seger.length 243.0.released 1987-05-23.bSide "The Aftermath".Shakedown (Bob Seger song)."Shakedown" is a song recorded by Bob Seger, from the soundtrack of the film Beverly Hills Cop II. The music was written by Harold Faltermeyer, who also wrote the score for the film, and Keith Forsey, with lyrics by Seger. The song became a number-one hit on the Billboard Hot 100, Seger's only such top mark singles-wise, as well as the Album Rock Tracks chart, where it became his second number-one hit, spending four weeks at the top. In Canada, it went to number one as well, topping the RPM 100 national singles chart on August 1 of the same year. In 1988, "Shakedown" was nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Original Song and Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song, but it lost both awards to Dirty Dancing's "(I've Had) The Time of My Life". At the 60th Academy Awards, "Shakedown" was performed by Little Richard..comment "Shakedown" is a song recorded by Bob Seger, from the soundtrack of the film Beverly Hills Cop II. The music was written by Harold Faltermeyer, who also wrote the score for the film, and Keith Forsey, with lyrics by Seger. The song became a number-one hit on the Billboard Hot 100, Seger's only such top mark singles-wise, as well as the Album Rock Tracks chart, where it became his second number-one hit, spending four weeks at the top. In Canada, it went to number one as well, topping the RPM 100 national singles chart on August 1 of the same year..
5/17	==DB== Shakedown.runtime 4800.0.Shakedown (1950 film).Shakedown is a 1950 American crime film noir directed by Joseph Pevney starring Howard Duff, Brian Donlevy, Peggy Dow, Lawrence Tierney, Bruce Bennett and Anne Vernon..comment Shakedown is a 1950 American crime film noir directed by Joseph Pevney starring Howard Duff, Brian Donlevy, Peggy Dow, Lawrence Tierney, Bruce Bennett and Anne Vernon..
6/17	==DB== Shakedown.Shakedown: Return of the Sontarans - Original Soundtrack Recording.isbn 0.subject Featuring:.date 1994-12-01.length 2652.0.series Doctor Who book:.lastAlbum Doctor Who: Ghost Light.serialName Shakedown: Return of the Sontarans.Shakedown: Return of the Sontarans.Shakedown: Return of the Sontarans is a film spin-off of the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. It was released direct-to-video in 1995 and was produced by the independent production company Dreamwatch Media, a division of Dreamwatch magazine. Initially available only through mail order and specialty shops, it was subsequently released to retail by Reeltime Pictures in 1997. It features two races of aliens, the Sontarans (first introduced in the Third Doctor serial The Time Warrior, and appearing in several subsequent stories) and the Rutans (who were first mentioned in The Time Warrior, and appeared in the Fourth Doctor serial Horror of Fang Rock). The Sontarans and Rutans were licensed from the estate of their creator Robert Holmes, although the appearance of the Sontarans had to be modified to avoid legal complications with the BBC, which owned the design of the creatures. Due to licensing restrictions, the character of the Doctor does not actually appear, nor do any other characters from the series. However several actors from the Doctor Who series do appear in different roles, including Carole Ann Ford, Sophie Aldred and Michael Wisher. Also starring in this production are Blake's 7 alumni Jan Chappell and Brian Croucher..comment Shakedown: Return of the Sontarans is a film spin-off of the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. It was released direct-to-video in 1995 and was produced by the independent production company Dreamwatch Media, a division of Dreamwatch magazine. Initially available only through mail order and specialty shops, it was subsequently released to retail by Reeltime Pictures in 1997. It features two races of aliens, the Sontarans (first introduced in the Third Doctor serial The Time Warrior, and appearing in several subsequent stories) and the Rutans (who were first mentioned in The Time Warrior, and appeared in the Fourth Doctor serial Horror of Fang Rock). The Sontarans and Rutans were licensed from the estate of their creator Robert Holmes, although the appearance.
7/17	==DB== The Shakedown.runtime 4200.0.The Shakedown (1929 film).The Shakedown is a 1929 action/comedy/sports drama film, directed by William Wyler. The film starred James Murray, Barbara Kent and Jack Hanlon. Considered a part-talkie, this film was released in parallel silent and sound versions. Once believed lost, The Shakedown was discovered and restored by the staff of the George Eastman House in 1998. Director William Wyler made the move up to talking pictures with this blend of action and comedy..comment The Shakedown is a 1929 action/comedy/sports drama film, directed by William Wyler. The film starred James Murray, Barbara Kent and Jack Hanlon. Considered a part-talkie, this film was released in parallel silent and sound versions. Once believed lost, The Shakedown was discovered and restored by the staff of the George Eastman House in 1998. Director William Wyler made the move up to talking pictures with this blend of action and comedy..
8/17	==DB== 
9/17	==DB== Shakedown!.length 2395.0.released 2001-07-24.Shakedown!.Shakedown! is the debut album by TheStart. The album was recorded in 1999, although it was not released until 2001..comment Shakedown! is the debut album by TheStart. The album was recorded in 1999, although it was not released until 2001..
10/17	==DB== Shakedown (Snowboard Games).The Shakedown Original Snowboard Games Since 2002 is a rider-driven snowboard event whose primary goal is to promote snowboarding. Its unique competition format makes the event a laid-back festive gathering that is appreciated by athletes and the fans..comment The Shakedown Original Snowboard Games Since 2002 is a rider-driven snowboard event whose primary goal is to promote snowboarding. Its unique competition format makes the event a laid-back festive gathering that is appreciated by athletes and the fans..
11/17	==DB== Shakedown.length 10226.0.length 10736.0.released 2007-01-22.nextAlbum Unmixed.Shakedown (album).Shakedown is the debut album by house production duo Freemasons. It was released on 21 January 2007, with the single "Rain Down Love" being released two weeks earlier in anticipation of the album. "Nothing But a Heartache", a cover of the original single by the Flirtations, was released as a digital download single on iTunes on 18 June 2007..comment Shakedown is the debut album by house production duo Freemasons. It was released on 21 January 2007, with the single "Rain Down Love" being released two weeks earlier in anticipation of the album. "Nothing But a Heartache", a cover of the original single by the Flirtations, was released as a digital download single on iTunes on 18 June 2007..
12/17	==DB== Shakedown (continuum mechanics).In continuum mechanics, elastic shakedown behavior is one in which plastic deformation takes place during running in, while due to residual stresses or strain hardening the steady state is perfectly elastic. Plastic shakedown behavior is one in which the steady state is a closed elastic-plastic loop, with no net accumulation of plastic deformation. Ratcheting behavior is one in which the steady state is an open elastic-plastic loop, with the material accumulating a net strain during each cycle. Shakedown concept can be applied to solid metallic materials under cyclic repeated loading or to granular materials under cyclic loading (such case can occur in road pavements under traffic loading)..comment In continuum mechanics, elastic shakedown behavior is one in which plastic deformation takes place during running in, while due to residual stresses or strain hardening the steady state is perfectly elastic. Plastic shakedown behavior is one in which the steady state is a closed elastic-plastic loop, with no net accumulation of plastic deformation. Ratcheting behavior is one in which the steady state is an open elastic-plastic loop, with the material accumulating a net strain during each cycle..
13/17	==DB== The Shakedown.writer Leigh Vance.runtime 5520.0.country United Kingdom.music Theme tone "SHAKEDOWN". sung by Kathy Kirby..The Shakedown (1959 film).The Shakedown is a 1959 crime-drama film directed by John Lemont, starring Terence Morgan, Hazel Court, and Donald Pleasence. It was filmed in the United Kingdom and banned in Finland (known there as Häväistyksen kauppiaat)..comment The Shakedown is a 1959 crime-drama film directed by John Lemont, starring Terence Morgan, Hazel Court, and Donald Pleasence. It was filmed in the United Kingdom and banned in Finland (known there as Häväistyksen kauppiaat)..
14/17	==DB== Shakedown.runtime 6720.0.starring *.budget 6000000.0.gross 1.0068039E7.Shakedown (1988 film).Shakedown (also known in international markets as Blue Jean Cop) is a 1988 crime drama/action movie starring Peter Weller and Sam Elliott. The movie is about an idealistic lawyer teaming with a veteran cop to find out the truth in a possible police corruption scandal..comment Shakedown (also known in international markets as Blue Jean Cop) is a 1988 crime drama/action movie starring Peter Weller and Sam Elliott. The movie is about an idealistic lawyer teaming with a veteran cop to find out the truth in a possible police corruption scandal..
15/17	==DB== Shakedown (group).
16/17	==DB== Shakedown.pages 320.isbn 0.congress CPB Box no. 1959 vol. 14.oclc 45650140.mediaType Print.releaseDate 2000-11-01.Shakedown (Angel novel).Shakedown is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel..comment Shakedown is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel..
17/17	==DB== Shakedown cruise.Shakedown cruise is a nautical term in which the performance of a ship is tested. Generally, shakedown cruises are performed before a ship enters service or after major changes such as a crew change, repair or overhaul. The shakedown cruise simulates working conditions for the vessel, for various reasons. For most new ships, the major reasons are to familiarize a crew with a new vessel and to ensure all of the ship's systems are functional. A vessel is typically not committed to any timetables or tasks until it completes its shakedown cruise. As such, problems detected during the shakedown cruise can be fixed at minimal cost. If the ship is the first of its class, it will likely also be performing its sea trials, a test of its performance. In this context, 'shakedown cruise' and 'sea trials' may be used interchangeably, though each has a slightly different meaning. In such a case, it is likely that the ship's systems will be pushed to redline, or maximum capacity, to demonstrate the class's speed and other important traits. Until bested by another ship of the same class, this shakedown performance will be the standard of the class's capabilities, and its success may determine whether the class is to enter full production. In the travel industry a shakedown cruise is not only undertaken to test the ship, but also the service crew. These test cruises are sometimes made with passengers traveling at a discount. It has been proposed that the origin of “shakedown cruise” comes from the need to settle (or literally shake down) the ballast in the hold of a ship to ensure it is level in the water. However, this would only apply to very granular ballast material such as sand. The term is more likely to have arisen due to the transition from sail to power. The advent of engines within the hull of a ship caused severe vibration. Such vibration would be aggravated by uneven running and different sea conditions. A new ship had many fixtures and fittings throughout its accommodation and work spaces. As the maiden voyage progressed, these would become loose, and in many cases fall to the deck (shaken down). For this reason, it was common for the shipyard to send a 'shake-down' team with the ship on her maiden voyage. These men would be specialists equipped with the proper tools and spares to relocate or replace any shake-down displaced fixtures or fittings. The term can also refer in a generic sense to the process of testing out any new technology or systems..comment Shakedown cruise is a nautical term in which the performance of a ship is tested. Generally, shakedown cruises are performed before a ship enters service or after major changes such as a crew change, repair or overhaul. The shakedown cruise simulates working conditions for the vessel, for various reasons. For most new ships, the major reasons are to familiarize a crew with a new vessel and to ensure all of the ship's systems are functional. A vessel is typically not committed to any timetables or tasks until it completes its shakedown cruise. As such, problems detected during the shakedown cruise can be fixed at minimal cost..
===206	shape up	4
1/4	==DB== title Shape Up.developer Ubisoft Montreal.Shape Up (video game).Shape Up is a fitness game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It was released on Xbox One in November 2014 as a Kinect title.  It was officially announced by Ubisoft at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2014..comment Shape Up is a fitness game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It was released on Xbox One in November 2014 as a Kinect title.  It was officially announced by Ubisoft at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2014..
2/4	==DB== 
3/4	==DB== Shape Up (Full House).
4/4	==SS== To improve; to correct one's bad habits or behavior.''He'd better '''shape up''' soon, or he'll fail the class.'' 
===207	show out	3
1/3	==DB== Show Out.filename Showout.ogg.title "Show Out".description A 30-second sample of "Show Out".MMI, Zone 4, MusicLine Group, Interscope.length 203.0.released 2010-04-20.lastSingle "All the Way Turnt Up".nextSingle "My Own Step".Show Out (Roscoe Dash song)."Show Out" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Roscoe Dash, released as the second single from his debut album Ready Set Go! (2010). It was written by Dash, alongside Kevin Erondu, who produced the song. It was released for digital download on April 20, 2010..comment "Show Out" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Roscoe Dash, released as the second single from his debut album Ready Set Go! (2010). It was written by Dash, alongside Kevin Erondu, who produced the song. It was released for digital download on April 20, 2010..
2/3	==DB== Show Out.length 273.0.released 2013-01-25.artist Juicy J featuring Big Sean and Young Jeezy.lastSingle "We Still in This Bitch".nextSingle "One of Those Nights".Show Out (Juicy J song)."Show Out" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Juicy J. It was released on January 25, 2013, as the second single from his third studio album Stay Trippy (2013). The song, produced by Mike WiLL Made It, features guest appearances from Big Sean and Young Jeezy. The song has peaked at number 75 on the US Billboard Hot 100..comment "Show Out" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Juicy J. It was released on January 25, 2013, as the second single from his third studio album Stay Trippy (2013). The song, produced by Mike WiLL Made It, features guest appearances from Big Sean and Young Jeezy. The song has peaked at number 75 on the US Billboard Hot 100..
3/3	==DB== Show Out.Big Oomp Records / Koch Records.length 215.0.certification Gold.fromAlbum 2.Show Out (Unk song)."Show Out" is the first single from rapper Unk's second album, 2econd Season. It is produced by DJ Montay..comment "Show Out" is the first single from rapper Unk's second album, 2econd Season. It is produced by DJ Montay..
===208	shut in	3
1/3	==DB== Shut-in (river).A shut-in is an Ozark term for a river that is naturally confined within a deep, narrow channel. The river becomes unnavigable even by canoe due to the rapids and narrow channels produced as the stream encounters a more resistant rock that is more difficult to erode. In the Johnson's Shut-Ins State Park in Missouri, hard rhyolite and a diabase dike divert the stream into many small streamlets following a complex joint system, "shutting" the river. The term has an origin in Appalachia, where it was used to refer to a narrow river gorge confined by resistant rock layers. Examples can be found in Johnson's Shut-Ins State Park in Missouri, where the Black River has become confined in a shut-in. More than ninety other "shut–ins" occur within and around the St. Francois Mountains region of southeast Missouri. In southern Illinois, the Burden Falls Wilderness area includes a narrow canyon below a waterfall that is confined by a resistant sandstone layer. The gorge is referred to as a shut–in, following the Appalachian usage for the term..comment A shut-in is an Ozark term for a river that is naturally confined within a deep, narrow channel. The river becomes unnavigable even by canoe due to the rapids and narrow channels produced as the stream encounters a more resistant rock that is more difficult to erode. In the Johnson's Shut-Ins State Park in Missouri, hard rhyolite and a diabase dike divert the stream into many small streamlets following a complex joint system, "shutting" the river. The term has an origin in Appalachia, where it was used to refer to a narrow river gorge confined by resistant rock layers..
2/3	==SS== To confine.''We need to '''shut''' the dog '''in''' so he doesn't escape.'' 
3/3	==DB== Shut-in (oil drilling).In the petroleum industry, shutting-in is the implementation of a production cap set lower than the available output of a specific site. This may be part of an attempt to constrict the oil supply or a necessary precaution when crews are evacuated ahead of a natural disaster..comment In the petroleum industry, shutting-in is the implementation of a production cap set lower than the available output of a specific site. This may be part of an attempt to constrict the oil supply or a necessary precaution when crews are evacuated ahead of a natural disaster..
===209	shut out	6
1/6	==DB== Shut Out.producer Ron Dante, Stan Vincent, Arthur G. Wright, Marc Paul Simon.nextAlbum Keeping Time.Shut Out (album).Shut Out is the debut album by American actor, singer and songwriter Paul Jabara. The album which was released on the Casablanca Records label in 1977 includes the singles "Shut Out" (a duet with Donna Summer), "Dance" and "Slow Dancing". The original LP was pressed on red vinyl. Shut Out has yet to be re-released on CD..comment Shut Out is the debut album by American actor, singer and songwriter Paul Jabara. The album which was released on the Casablanca Records label in 1977 includes the singles "Shut Out" (a duet with Donna Summer), "Dance" and "Slow Dancing". The original LP was pressed on red vinyl. Shut Out has yet to be re-released on CD..
2/6	==DB== Shutout.In team sports, a shutout (a clean sheet (UK English) in association football) is a game in which one team prevents the other from scoring any points. While possible in most major sports, they are highly improbable in some sports, such as basketball. Shutouts are usually seen as a result of effective defensive play even though a weak opposing offense may be as much to blame. Some sports credit individual players, particularly goalkeepers and starting pitchers, with shutouts and keep track of them as statistics; others do not..comment In team sports, a shutout (a clean sheet (UK English) in association football) is a game in which one team prevents the other from scoring any points. While possible in most major sports, they are highly improbable in some sports, such as basketball. Shutouts are usually seen as a result of effective defensive play even though a weak opposing offense may be as much to blame. Some sports credit individual players, particularly goalkeepers and starting pitchers, with shutouts and keep track of them as statistics; others do not..
3/6	==SS== 
4/6	==SS== To prevent from entering; to block or exclude.''His wife '''shut''' him '''out''' of his own house.'' ''This triple-glazing certainly '''shuts out''' the noise of the traffic.'' 
5/6	==DB== horsename Shut Out.race Kentucky Derby.race Laurel Stakes   American Classic Race wins:.Shut Out (horse).Shut Out (February 27, 1939 - April 23, 1964) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse..comment Shut Out (February 27, 1939 - April 23, 1964) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse..
6/6	==DB== Shut Out.producer Arthur G. Wright, Mark Paul Simon.writer Paul Jabara, Bob Esty.length 190.0.artist Paul Jabara featuring special guest Donna Summer.format 12.0.bSide "Hungry For Love".Shut Out (song)."Shut Out" is a single from the Paul Jabara album of the same name and features special guest vocals by Donna Summer. On the album, it is used as the first half of a medley another with another song called "Heaven is a Disco." Paul Jabara would later be responsible for writing two of Summer's biggest hits - Last Dance" and the duet with Barbra Streisand "No More Tears (Enough Is Enough).".comment "Shut Out" is a single from the Paul Jabara album of the same name and features special guest vocals by Donna Summer. On the album, it is used as the first half of a medley another with another song called "Heaven is a Disco." Paul Jabara would later be responsible for writing two of Summer's biggest hits - Last Dance" and the duet with Barbra Streisand "No More Tears (Enough Is Enough).".
===210	slip away	3
1/3	==SS== To leave a place, or a gathering, without being noticed.''I'm going to try to '''slip away''' from work early, if I can.'' 
2/3	==DB== Slip Away.producer Sanjoy.writer Sanjoy.writer Natalie Hawkins.writer Stephen Rezza.released 2016-04-29.artist Sanjoy featuring Trevor Holmes.Slip Away (Sanjoy song)."Slip Away" is a song by DJ/producer Sanjoy, featuring singer Trevor Holmes. The song was released on 20 May 2016..comment "Slip Away" is a song by DJ/producer Sanjoy, featuring singer Trevor Holmes. The song was released on 20 May 2016..
3/3	==DB== Slip Away (album).
===211	slow down	10
1/10	==DB== Slow Down.genre *.writer Douwe Bob.writer Matthijs van Duijvenbode.writer Jan Peter Hoekstra.writer Jeroen Overman.length 165.0.released 2016-03-05.lastSingle "Hold Me".Slow Down (Douwe Bob song)."Slow Down" is a song performed by Dutch singer Douwe Bob. The song represented the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016, and was written by Bob along with Jan Peter Hoekstra, Jeroen Overman, and Matthijs van Duijvenbode. The song was released as a digital download on 5 March 2016 through Universal Music Netherlands as the lead single from his album Fool Bar..comment "Slow Down" is a song performed by Dutch singer Douwe Bob. The song represented the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016, and was written by Bob along with Jan Peter Hoekstra, Jeroen Overman, and Matthijs van Duijvenbode. The song was released as a digital download on 5 March 2016 through Universal Music Netherlands as the lead single from his album Fool Bar..
2/10	==DB== Slow Down.length 246.0.released 1986-09-20.format Vinyl , Vinyl , Cassette Single.bSide "Slow Down ".lastSingle "Stay a Little While, Child".nextSingle "Nights of Pleasure".Slow Down (Loose Ends song)."Slow Down" is the 8th single by English R&B band Loose Ends from their third studio album, Zagora. It was released in September 1986 by MCA Records and produced by Loose Ends' longtime collaborator Nick Martinelli. The single was the group's second and last number one on the Soul Singles chart..comment "Slow Down" is the 8th single by English R&B band Loose Ends from their third studio album, Zagora. It was released in September 1986 by MCA Records and produced by Loose Ends' longtime collaborator Nick Martinelli. The single was the group's second and last number one on the Soul Singles chart..
3/10	==DB== 
4/10	==DB== Slow Down.filename Selena Gomez - Slow Down.ogg.title "Slow Down".description An 18-second sample of the song's pre-chorus features Gomez singing over a "pseudo-dubstep" instrumentation with influences of EDM. Lyrically, the song speaks of taking a relationship slowly rather than rushing into things..released 2013-06-03.lastSingle "Come & Get It".nextSingle "The Heart Wants What It Wants".Slow Down (Selena Gomez song)."Slow Down" is a song by American singer Selena Gomez, taken from her debut solo studio album, Stars Dance (2013). It was released on June 3, 2013, when it was made available for instant digital download along with the pre-order of the album. Hollywood Records later sent the song to mainstream radio as the second and final single from the album on August 13. The dance-pop song was produced by The Cataracs and David Kuncio, and infuses EDM elements in its instrumentation. Lyrically, the song speaks of slowing down time and living in one, magical moment on the dance floor. Music critics gave a mixed reception to the song, with some praising its catchiness and fun production, while others criticized the EDM influence. "Slow Down" has achieved moderate success, reaching number 2 in Belgium (Flanders), while peaking inside the top 20 in Belgium (Wallonia), Russia, and South Korea. In the United States, the song peaked at number 27 on the Billboard Hot 100, reached number-one on Billboard's Hot Dance Club Songs chart, and it has been certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for selling over 1,000,000 units of the single in the country. On the Mainstream Top 40 airplay chart, it reached the position of number 7. The accompanying music video for "Slow Down" was directed by Philip Andelman and filmed in Paris, France. It features Gomez singing along to the track inside of a car, partying in a nightclub, and strutting down the streets of the city. The singer has performed "Slow Down" in a number of live appearances, including on Good Morning America, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, Late Show with David Letterman, and UK TV show Surprise, Surprise. It was also performed as the encore of her Stars Dance Tour..comment "Slow Down" is a song by American singer Selena Gomez, taken from her debut solo studio album, Stars Dance (2013). It was released on June 3, 2013, when it was made available for instant digital download along with the pre-order of the album. Hollywood Records later sent the song to mainstream radio as the second and final single from the album on August 13. The dance-pop song was produced by The Cataracs and David Kuncio, and infuses EDM elements in its instrumentation. Lyrically, the song speaks of slowing down time and living in one, magical moment on the dance floor..
5/10	==DB== Can't Slow Down (disambiguation).
6/10	==DB== Slow Down (unidentified sound).
7/10	==DB== Slow Down.(GEP 8913 ).length 175.0.released 1964-06-19.released 1964-08-24.recorded 1964-06-01.format 7.0.format 7".lastSingle "I'll Cry Instead".lastSingle "Bony Moronie".nextSingle "I Feel Fine".aSide "Matchbox".aSide "Dizzy, Miss Lizzy".Slow Down (Larry Williams song)."Slow Down" is a 24-bar blues written and performed by Larry Williams. Released as a single in 1958, it was a rhythm and blues hit that influenced the growing Rock & Roll movement of the time. It was released as a 7" single (45RPM). The A-Side was "Dizzy Miss Lizzy" and the B-Side was "Slow Down", which were both covered by The Beatles in 1965 and 1964, respectively..comment "Slow Down" is a 24-bar blues written and performed by Larry Williams. Released as a single in 1958, it was a rhythm and blues hit that influenced the growing Rock & Roll movement of the time. It was released as a 7" single (45RPM). The A-Side was "Dizzy Miss Lizzy" and the B-Side was "Slow Down", which were both covered by The Beatles in 1965 and 1964, respectively..
8/10	==DB== Slow Down.producer Keb' Mo', John Lewis Parker.length 3300.0.released 1998-08-25.lastAlbum Just like You.nextAlbum The Door.Slow Down (album).Slow Down is the fourth studio album by the blues performer Keb' Mo' released in August 1998. In 1999, Slow Down won Keb' Mo' his second Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Album. The album includes the song "Rainmaker" which shares its title with the album Rainmaker, made by Keb' Mo' under his birth name "Kevin Moore"..comment Slow Down is the fourth studio album by the blues performer Keb' Mo' released in August 1998. In 1999, Slow Down won Keb' Mo' his second Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Album. The album includes the song "Rainmaker" which shares its title with the album Rainmaker, made by Keb' Mo' under his birth name "Kevin Moore"..
9/10	==SS== Decelerate.{{ux|en|When approaching a bend in the road, '''slow down''', and speed up after leaving it.}} 
10/10	==DB== Slow Down.writer Tim Kelley, Bob Robinson, Bobby Wilson, Hans Zimmer.length 4.released 2005-03-08.certification Gold.nextSingle "Tell Me".Slow Down (Bobby Valentino song)."Slow Down" is the debut single by American singer Bobby Valentino from his first self-titled album Bobby Valentino. Produced by Tim & Bob, it spent four consecutive weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and has since been certified Gold by the RIAA. The single also peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100, as well as number four in the United Kingdom. The music video was directed by Erik White. The official remix features rapper Nas. It is his most successful single to date. The album version contains a string sample of "A Way of Life" by Hans Zimmer, taken from the 2003 movie soundtrack "The Last Samurai". The International Remix Version was produced by Tim & Bob as well and contains an interpolation of Jodeci's 1994 hit "Cry For You"..comment "Slow Down" is the debut single by American singer Bobby Valentino from his first self-titled album Bobby Valentino. Produced by Tim & Bob, it spent four consecutive weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and has since been certified Gold by the RIAA. The single also peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100, as well as number four in the United Kingdom. The music video was directed by Erik White. The official remix features rapper Nas. It is his most successful single to date. The album version contains a string sample of "A Way of Life" by Hans Zimmer, taken from the 2003 movie soundtrack "The Last Samurai". The International Remix Version was produced by Tim & Bob as well and contains an interpolation of Jodeci's 1994 hit "Cry For You"..
===212	sound off	6
1/6	==DB== Sound Off.lastAlbum One Wide River To Cross.nextAlbum The Award Winning Country Gentlemen.Sound Off (The Country Gentlemen album).Sound Off is an album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen, recorded in 1971..comment Sound Off is an album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen, recorded in 1971..
2/6	==DB== 
3/6	==DB== Sound Off.length 208.0.released 2010-07-20.Sound Off (song)."Sound Off" is the first single from the 2010 album No Apologies by rock band Trapt..comment "Sound Off" is the first single from the 2010 album No Apologies by rock band Trapt..
4/6	==SS== To hold forth about something in an opinionated manner.''I'm sick of his '''sounding off''' about how he thinks this country should be run!'' 
5/6	==DB== Sound Off.length 1935.0.released 2009-10-27.lastAlbum The Rubyz.nextAlbum Reflection.Sound Off (The Rubyz album).Sound Off is the second studio album released by the American Christian tween pop girl group, The Rubyz. Similar to other iShine artists, Sound Off features 10 tracks, 5 original and 5 sing-along. It is the first album featuring The Rubyz as a duo rather than a trio..comment Sound Off is the second studio album released by the American Christian tween pop girl group, The Rubyz. Similar to other iShine artists, Sound Off features 10 tracks, 5 original and 5 sing-along. It is the first album featuring The Rubyz as a duo rather than a trio..
6/6	==DB== Sound Off.writer Richard Quine.runtime 4980.0.Sound Off (film).Sound Off is a 1952 comedy film featuring several songs, filmed in SuperCinecolor for Columbia Pictures and starring Mickey Rooney. The film was shot in August 1951. The film was the first of a three-picture contract between Rooney and producer Jonie Taps for Columbia where Rooney was paid $75,000 for each picture. It is also the first collaboration between Richard Quine, Blake Edwards and Dick Crockett. The same team next collaborated with Rooney in the Navy in All Ashore made the following year. The three worked together again on Rooney's television series The Mickey Rooney Show/Hey, Mulligan in 1954-55. Their final film in the Columbia contract was the black and white crime drama Drive a Crooked Road. The film's title comes from the military cadence by Willie Lee Duckworth that was a major 1951 chart hit for Vaughn Monroe..comment Sound Off is a 1952 comedy film featuring several songs, filmed in SuperCinecolor for Columbia Pictures and starring Mickey Rooney. The film was shot in August 1951. The film was the first of a three-picture contract between Rooney and producer Jonie Taps for Columbia where Rooney was paid $75,000 for each picture. It is also the first collaboration between Richard Quine, Blake Edwards and Dick Crockett. The same team next collaborated with Rooney in the Navy in All Ashore made the following year. The three worked together again on Rooney's television series The Mickey Rooney Show/Hey, Mulligan in 1954-55. Their final film in the Columbia contract was the black and white crime drama Drive a Crooked Road..
===213	speed up	3
1/3	==SS== To accelerate; to increase speed.''The car '''sped up''' as it went around the corner.'' 
2/3	==DB== Speed Up Srl.foundation 2010.industry Mechanical engineering, Motorcycles.products Chassis, Frames.locationCountry Italy.Speed Up.Speed Up is an Italian motorcycle racing team and constructor founded in 2010 and based in Vicenza, Italy. In 2012 the company started building its own chassis under the Speed Up Factory name..comment Speed Up is an Italian motorcycle racing team and constructor founded in 2010 and based in Vicenza, Italy. In 2012 the company started building its own chassis under the Speed Up Factory name..
3/3	==DB== Speedup.In computer architecture, speedup is a process for increasing the performance between two systems processing the same problem. More technically, it is the improvement in speed of execution of a task executed on two similar architectures with different resources. The notion of speedup was established by Amdahl's law, which was particularly focused on parallel processing. However, speedup can be used more generally to show the effect on performance after any resource enhancement..comment In computer architecture, speedup is a process for increasing the performance between two systems processing the same problem. More technically, it is the improvement in speed of execution of a task executed on two similar architectures with different resources. The notion of speedup was established by Amdahl's law, which was particularly focused on parallel processing. However, speedup can be used more generally to show the effect on performance after any resource enhancement..
===214	spin off	9
1/9	==DB== NASA spin-off.
2/9	==SS== To create as a by-product or a secondary derived work.''a line of merchandise '''spun off''' from a TV series'' 
3/9	==DB== University spin-off.University spin-offs transform technological inventions developed from university research that are likely to remain unexploited otherwise. As such, university/academic spin-offs are a subcategory of research spin-offs. Prominent examples of university spin-offs are Genentech, Crucell, Lycos and Plastic Logic. In most countries, universities can claim the intellectual property (IP) rights on technologies developed in their laboratories. This IP typically draws on patents or, in exceptional cases, copyrights. Therefore, the process of establishing the spin-off as a new corporation involves transferring the IP to the new corporation or giving the latter a license on this IP..comment University spin-offs transform technological inventions developed from university research that are likely to remain unexploited otherwise. As such, university/academic spin-offs are a subcategory of research spin-offs. Prominent examples of university spin-offs are Genentech, Crucell, Lycos and Plastic Logic. In most countries, universities can claim the intellectual property (IP) rights on technologies developed in their laboratories. This IP typically draws on patents or, in exceptional cases, copyrights. Therefore, the process of establishing the spin-off as a new corporation involves transferring the IP to the new corporation or giving the latter a license on this IP..
4/9	==DB== Government spin-off.Government spin-off is civilian goods which are the collateral result of military or governmental research. One prominent example of a type of government spin-off is technology that has been commercialized through NASA funding, research, licensing, facilities, or assistance. NASA spin-off technologies have been produced for over forty years. The Internet is a specific example of a government spin-off resulting from DARPA funding. But in the years since the Moore's law driven commercial sector with yearly timeframes has jumped ahead of the defense sector's decade long timeframes to the extent that new "spin-on" Commercial off-the-shelf products are now applied for defense platforms..comment Government spin-off is civilian goods which are the collateral result of military or governmental research. One prominent example of a type of government spin-off is technology that has been commercialized through NASA funding, research, licensing, facilities, or assistance..
5/9	==DB== Spin-off (media).In media, a spin-off (or spinoff) is a radio program, television program, video game, film, or any narrative work, derived from one or more already existing works, that focuses, in particular, in more detail on one aspect of that original work (e.g. a particular topic, character, or an event). A spin-off may be called a sidequel when it exists in the same chronological frame of time as its predecessor work. One of the earliest spin-offs of the modern media era, if not the first, happened in 1941 when the supporting character Throckmorton P. Gildersleeve from the old time radio comedy show Fibber McGee and Molly became the star of his own program The Great Gildersleeve (1941–1957). In genre fiction, the term parallels the usage in television; it is usually meant to indicate a substantial change in narrative viewpoint and activity from that (previous) storyline based on the activities of the series' principal protagonist(s) and so is a shift to that action and overall narrative thread of some other protagonist(s), which now becomes the central or main thread (storyline) of the new sub-series. The new protagonist generally appears first as a minor or supporting character in the main story line within a given milieu, and it is very common for the previous protagonist to have a supporting or cameo role, at the least as a historical mention, in the new sub-series. Spin offs sometimes generate their own spin-offs, leaving the new show in its own series only vaguely connected to the original series..comment In media, a spin-off (or spinoff) is a radio program, television program, video game, film, or any narrative work, derived from one or more already existing works, that focuses, in particular, in more detail on one aspect of that original work (e.g. a particular topic, character, or an event)..
6/9	==DB== runtime 1800.0.creator Nick Nicholson.showName Spin-Off.numEpisodes 50.executiveProducer Nick Nicholson.executiveProducer Barbara Horn.firstAired 1975-06-16.lastAired 1975-09-05.Spin-Off (game show).Spin-Off is an American game show created and produced by Nick Nicholson and E. Roger Muir for CBS in 1975 that was based on the dice game Yahtzee. The series was hosted by Jim Lange and announced by Johnny Jacobs. The show replaced The Joker's Wild on CBS' daytime schedule and debuted on June 16, 1975, but was cancelled on September 5, 1975. Spin-Off originated in Stages 31, 33 and 41 at CBS Television City in Hollywood, California..comment Spin-Off is an American game show created and produced by Nick Nicholson and E. Roger Muir for CBS in 1975 that was based on the dice game Yahtzee. The series was hosted by Jim Lange and announced by Johnny Jacobs. The show replaced The Joker's Wild on CBS' daytime schedule and debuted on June 16, 1975, but was cancelled on September 5, 1975. Spin-Off originated in Stages 31, 33 and 41 at CBS Television City in Hollywood, California..
7/9	==DB== Spin-off product.
8/9	==DB== Corporate spin-off.A corporate spin-off, also known as a spin-out or a starburst, refers to a type of corporate action where a company "splits off" sections as a separate business..comment A corporate spin-off, also known as a spin-out or a starburst, refers to a type of corporate action where a company "splits off" sections as a separate business..
9/9	==DB== Research spin-off.A research spin-off is a company that falls into at least one of the four following categories: 1.   * Companies that have an Equity investment from a national library or university 2.   * Companies that license technology from a public research institute or university 3.   * Companies that consider a university or public sector employee to have been a founder 4.   * Companies that have been established directly by a public research institution The two main research spin-off models in Russia are those developed from the Institutes of the Academy of Science and Svetlana. QinetiQ is an example of a research spin-off in the United Kingdom..comment A research spin-off is a company that falls into at least one of the four following categories: 1.   * Companies that have an Equity investment from a national library or university 2.   * Companies that license technology from a public research institute or university 3.   * Companies that consider a university or public sector employee to have been a founder 4.   * Companies that have been established directly by a public research institution.
===215	square up	3
1/3	==DB== Square, Inc..owner Jack Dorsey.Square, Inc..Square, Inc. is a financial services, merchant services aggregator and mobile payment company based in San Francisco, California. The company markets several software and hardware payments products, including Square Register and Square Reader, and has expanded into small business services such as Square Capital, a financing program, and Square Payroll. The company was founded in 2009 by Jack Dorsey and Jim McKelvey and launched its first app and service in 2010. It has been traded as a public company on the New York Stock Exchange since November 2015 with the ticker symbol SQ. Square Register allows individuals and merchants in the United States, Canada, Japan and Australia to accept offline debit and credit cards on their iOS or Android smartphone or tablet computer. The application software ("app") supports manually entering the card details or swiping the card through the Square Reader, a small plastic device that plugs into the audio jack of a supported smartphone or tablet and reads the magnetic stripe. On the iPad version of the Square Register app, the interface resembles a traditional cash register..comment Square, Inc. is a financial services, merchant services aggregator and mobile payment company based in San Francisco, California. The company markets several software and hardware payments products, including Square Register and Square Reader, and has expanded into small business services such as Square Capital, a financing program, and Square Payroll. The company was founded in 2009 by Jack Dorsey and Jim McKelvey and launched its first app and service in 2010. It has been traded as a public company on the New York Stock Exchange since November 2015 with the ticker symbol SQ..
2/3	==SS== to get ready for a fight
3/3	==DB== Square-up.A square-up was a common feature of exploitation films in the 1940s and 1950s. With the exception of most burlesque features during the 1950s, the films would begin with a written message about what social or moral issue the film was planning to address. For instance, She Shoulda Said No! contained a square-up concerning youth drug abuse, and Child Bride the issue of child marriage. The first square-up has been traced to Eureka Productions's 1912 film The Evil Art (or) Gambling Exposed. The general reasoning for the square-up was an expression of regret for presenting the subject of the film followed by a statement with the desire that the film will help in efforts to combat the subject. Often, these justifications were created with the intent to work around the production code, giving the films educational or social value as opposed to being simply exploitation features, but also served the purpose of warming up the audience for the upcoming film contents. Square-ups gained another meaning with some exploitation films. David F. Friedman has explained that, in some cities, the police would not allow a full screening of a film with nudity or other objectionable content. Following the announcement to the now-upset crowd, the edited film was shown, and, after the film was over, a second reel with the excised material was shown. Coming from the carnival term "squaring a beef," these "square-up reels" became typical. In some cases, such as The Girls of Loma-Loma, the entire film became a short square-up reel..comment A square-up was a common feature of exploitation films in the 1940s and 1950s. With the exception of most burlesque features during the 1950s, the films would begin with a written message about what social or moral issue the film was planning to address. For instance, She Shoulda Said No! contained a square-up concerning youth drug abuse, and Child Bride the issue of child marriage..
===216	stand by	7
1/7	==DB== 
2/7	==DB== Standby (air travel).On most modern airlines, flying standby occurs when a passenger travels on a flight without a prior reservation for that specific flight. There are two circumstances in which passengers typically fly standby. First, a missed flight may require a passenger to fly standby on the next flight to the same destination, as they now lack a reservation. Secondly, a passenger may arrive at the airport early (whether accidentally or on purpose) and wish to take an earlier flight listed for that day. They will then attempt to travel standby on the earlier flight, and failing that, proceed to take their booked flight. This is referred to in the industry as "go-show". Standby can also occur for upgrades. Many airlines (particularly in the United States) give free space available domestic upgrades to First Class for their elite tier fliers. If first class sells out or upgrades full with higher-tiered passengers, elite fliers can standby for a first class seat, should one open up due to a cancellation, no-show, misconnect, irregular operations or an equipment change. If a passenger clears for an upgrade, they may be given new boarding passes at the gate. Some airlines, such as American and United, have gateside monitors that show the upgrade (as well as general) standby list, and will also announce when First Class checks in full (i.e., no further upgrades will be given)..comment On most modern airlines, flying standby occurs when a passenger travels on a flight without a prior reservation for that specific flight. There are two circumstances in which passengers typically fly standby. First, a missed flight may require a passenger to fly standby on the next flight to the same destination, as they now lack a reservation. Secondly, a passenger may arrive at the airport early (whether accidentally or on purpose) and wish to take an earlier flight listed for that day. They will then attempt to travel standby on the earlier flight, and failing that, proceed to take their booked flight. This is referred to in the industry as "go-show"..
3/7	==DB== Stand By.Stand By (Roman Holliday song)."Stand By" is a 1983 song recorded by Roman Holliday and written by Steve Lambert and R. Lambert and produced by Peter Collins..comment "Stand By" is a 1983 song recorded by Roman Holliday and written by Steve Lambert and R. Lambert and produced by Peter Collins..
4/7	==DB== Stand by Me (disambiguation).
5/7	==SS== To wait in expectation of some event; to make ready.{{ux|en|Please '''stand by''' for more instructions.}} 
6/7	==DB== Standby power.Standby power, also called vampire power, vampire draw, phantom load, or leaking electricity ("phantom load" and "leaking electricity" are defined technical terms with other meanings, adopted for this different purpose), refers to the electric power consumed by electronic and electrical appliances while they are switched off (but are designed to draw some power) or in a standby mode. This only occurs because some devices claimed to be "switched off" on the electronic interface, but are in a different state from switching off at the plug, or disconnecting from the power point, which can solve the problem of standby power completely. In fact, switching off at the power point is effective enough, there is no need to disconnect all devices from the power point. Some such devices offer remote controls and digital clock features to the user, while other devices, such as power adapters for disconnected electronic devices, consume power without offering any features (sometimes called no-load power). All of the above examples, such as the remote control, digital clock functions and—in the case of adapters, no-load power—are switched off just by switching off at the power point. However, for some devices with built-in internal battery, such as a phone, the standby functions can be stopped by removing the battery instead. In the past, standby power was largely a non-issue for users, electricity providers, manufacturers, and government regulators. In the first decade of the twenty-first century, awareness of the issue grew and it became an important consideration for all parties. Up to the middle of the decade, standby power was often several watts or even tens of watts per appliance. By 2010, regulations were in place in most developed countries restricting standby power of devices sold to one watt (and half that from 2013)..comment Standby power, also called vampire power, vampire draw, phantom load, or leaking electricity ("phantom load" and "leaking electricity" are defined technical terms with other meanings, adopted for this different purpose), refers to the electric power consumed by electronic and electrical appliances while they are switched off (but are designed to draw some power) or in a standby mode. This only occurs because some devices claimed to be "switched off" on the electronic interface, but are in a different state from switching off at the plug, or disconnecting from the power point, which can solve the problem of standby power completely. In fact, switching off at the power point is effective enough, there is no need to disconnect all devices from the power point. Some such devices offer remote c.
7/7	==DB== song "Stand By".Stand By (Senit song)."Stand By" is a song by Italian singer Senit. The song represented San Marino in the first semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 on 10 May 2011. This was San Marino's second appearance in the contest. The song placed 16th out of 19, and as a result it did not qualify for the final..comment "Stand By" is a song by Italian singer Senit. The song represented San Marino in the first semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 on 10 May 2011. This was San Marino's second appearance in the contest. The song placed 16th out of 19, and as a result it did not qualify for the final..
===217	stand up	30
1/30	==DB== Stand Up! Records.founded 2000.Stand Up! Records.Stand Up! Records is an American independent comedy record label founded in Minneapolis, Minnesota by former -ismist Recordings label head Dan Schlissel. Schlissel had released around 70 records with -ismist when his most promising act, Slipknot, dumped the label.The first act was signed to Stand Up! shortly afterwards, Lewis Black in 1999..comment Stand Up! Records is an American independent comedy record label founded in Minneapolis, Minnesota by former -ismist Recordings label head Dan Schlissel. Schlissel had released around 70 records with -ismist when his most promising act, Slipknot, dumped the label.The first act was signed to Stand Up! shortly afterwards, Lewis Black in 1999..
2/30	==DB== Stand Up!.producer Larry Muhoberac, John Guess.lastAlbum Fresh Surrender.nextAlbum Celebrate - Live.Stand Up! (album).Stand Up! (see 1979 in music) was The Archers fifth studio album and fourth Light Records release. It was co-produced by Elvis Presley’s TCB Band keyboardist Larry Muhoberac and studio engineer John Guess. Stand Up! was the first album in which former female vocalist Nancye Short-Tsapralis did not participate. Although Tsapralis sang background vocals on the prior Fresh Surrender project (un-credited), Janice Archer’s voice was used on female leads. Recording began in late 1978 and continued through early 1979. It is distinctive for a number of notable guest artist appearances, including Billy Preston, who played the Hammond B-3 on the group’s cover of his spiritual, “God Loves You”, which also featured Sandra Crouch and Nichol Larson on back-up vocals. Steely Dan alumnus Ernie Watts was also featured on tenor sax for the up-tempo song "Only His Love". Once again, the group was accompanied by a virtual “who's who” of LA studio players, with David Hungate returning on bass along with Reinie Press and Dean Parks on guitar. Also featured were Archers’ tour band players, Phil Kristianson (keyboards) and Tony Sena (guitar). The album produced a number of hits, most notably Steve Archer’s title tune and Tim Archer’s "Pickin’ Up The Pieces". Also receiving solid airplay were “Fools Paradise”, Janice Archer’s cover of Kelly Willard’s smash “Blame It On The One I Love”..comment Stand Up! (see 1979 in music) was The Archers fifth studio album and fourth Light Records release. It was co-produced by Elvis Presley’s TCB Band keyboardist Larry Muhoberac and studio engineer John Guess. Steely Dan alumnus Ernie Watts was also featured on tenor sax for the up-tempo song "Only His Love". Once again, the group was accompanied by a virtual “who's who” of LA studio players, with David Hungate returning on bass along with Reinie Press and Dean Parks on guitar. Also featured were Archers’ tour band players, Phil Kristianson (keyboards) and Tony Sena (guitar)..
3/30	==DB== STAND UP (organization).
4/30	==DB== Stand Up.length 239.0.released 2005-07-12.lastSingle "Echo".nextSingle "Waiting".Stand Up (Trapt song)."Stand Up" is the debut single for Trapt's second album Someone in Control. It received radio airplay on July 12, 2005, and receives regular play-time at the Air Canada Centre during the pre-game warm-up of the Toronto Maple Leafs hockey club. The song "Stand Up" was created when the band kept getting emails, calls and when they kept hearing about people getting beaten up and "...just sort of taking it." "Stand Up" topped out at #17 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart and #3 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart..comment "Stand Up" is the debut single for Trapt's second album Someone in Control. It received radio airplay on July 12, 2005, and receives regular play-time at the Air Canada Centre during the pre-game warm-up of the Toronto Maple Leafs hockey club. The song "Stand Up" was created when the band kept getting emails, calls and when they kept hearing about people getting beaten up and "...just sort of taking it." "Stand Up" topped out at #17 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart and #3 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart..
5/30	==DB== Stand Up.released 2002-09-24.nextAlbum Anthems for the Imperfect.Stand Up (Everyday Sunday album).Stand Up is the second studio album by the CCM band Everyday Sunday. The album was released on September 24, 2002 through Flicker Records..comment Stand Up is the second studio album by the CCM band Everyday Sunday. The album was released on September 24, 2002 through Flicker Records..
6/30	==DB== Stand Up.length 213.0.released 2003-08-19.artist Ludacris featuring Shawnna.certification Gold.lastSingle "P-Poppin".nextSingle "Splash Waterfalls".Stand Up (Ludacris song)."Stand Up" is a song by Ludacris, released as the second official single in 2003, and taken from his fourth album Chicken-n-Beer. It was his first number-one single, with production by Kanye West and co-production by Ludacris himself. The chorus consists of three repetitions of Ludacris rapping, "When I move you move" and Shawnna responding, "Just like that." After three repetitions, Ludacris says, "Hell yeah, hey, DJ, bring that back." Then Shawnna says, "When I move you move" and Ludacris says "Just like that" and they trade parts of the chorus. It topped the Billboard Hot 100 for the week of December 6, 2003, and topped the R&B/Hip-Hop singles chart for four weeks, making it the rapper's first #1 on both charts respectively. Ludacris went on to be nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance. This song was also featured on the 2004 compilation album Now That's What I Call Music! 15..comment "Stand Up" is a song by Ludacris, released as the second official single in 2003, and taken from his fourth album Chicken-n-Beer. It was his first number-one single, with production by Kanye West and co-production by Ludacris himself. The chorus consists of three repetitions of Ludacris rapping, "When I move you move" and Shawnna responding, "Just like that." After three repetitions, Ludacris says, "Hell yeah, hey, DJ, bring that back." Then Shawnna says, "When I move you move" and Ludacris says "Just like that" and they trade parts of the chorus..
7/30	==DB== Stand Up.released 2005-05-10.lastAlbum The Gorge.nextAlbum Weekend on the Rocks.recorded Haunted Hollow Studio, Charlottesville, Virginia.Stand Up (Dave Matthews Band album).Stand Up is the sixth album by Dave Matthews Band, released on May 10, 2005. It was produced by Mark Batson. It was their fourth consecutive number one album on the Billboard 200. The album was the last to feature full participation from the band's saxophonist, LeRoi Moore, who died during the early production stages of the following album Big Whiskey & the GrooGrux King..comment Stand Up is the sixth album by Dave Matthews Band, released on May 10, 2005. It was produced by Mark Batson. It was their fourth consecutive number one album on the Billboard 200. The album was the last to feature full participation from the band's saxophonist, LeRoi Moore, who died during the early production stages of the following album Big Whiskey & the GrooGrux King..
8/30	==DB== The Stand Up.writer David Wexler.runtime 4920.0.The Stand Up.The Stand Up is a 2011 American comedy/drama film written and directed by David Wexler and stars Jonathan Sollis, Margarita Levieva, Arija Bareikis, and Aidan Quinn..comment The Stand Up is a 2011 American comedy/drama film written and directed by David Wexler and stars Jonathan Sollis, Margarita Levieva, Arija Bareikis, and Aidan Quinn..
9/30	==DB== Stand Up.producer Terry Ellis and Ian Anderson.Reprise.Island.released --08-01.released October 1969.lastAlbum This Was.nextAlbum Benefit.recorded --04-24.Stand Up (Jethro Tull album).Stand Up is the second studio album by the British rock band Jethro Tull, released in 1969. Before recordings for the album began, the band's original guitarist Mick Abrahams resigned because of musical differences with Ian Anderson; Abrahams wanted to stay with the blues rock sound of their debut, This Was, while Anderson wished to add other musical influences such as folk rock. He was replaced by guitarist Martin Barre, who appeared on every Jethro Tull album from this point on. Stand Up represents the first album project on which Anderson was in full control of the music and lyrics. The result was an eclectic album with various styles appearing in its songs, yet an album which remained somewhat in the blues rock mould, which would be the last such album from Jethro Tull. The album quickly went to number 1 in the UK charts, while the non-album single "Sweet Dream" rose to number 7..comment Stand Up is the second studio album by the British rock band Jethro Tull, released in 1969. Before recordings for the album began, the band's original guitarist Mick Abrahams resigned because of musical differences with Ian Anderson; Abrahams wanted to stay with the blues rock sound of their debut, This Was, while Anderson wished to add other musical influences such as folk rock. He was replaced by guitarist Martin Barre, who appeared on every Jethro Tull album from this point on. The album quickly went to number 1 in the UK charts, while the non-album single "Sweet Dream" rose to number 7..
10/30	==DB== Stand Up and Take Action.Stand Up and Take Action is the name of an annual global mobilization coordinated by the United Nations Millennium Campaign and the Global Call to Action against Poverty..comment Stand Up and Take Action is the name of an annual global mobilization coordinated by the United Nations Millennium Campaign and the Global Call to Action against Poverty..
11/30	==DB== Stand Up.length 219.0.released 2012-01-20.lastSingle "Smile".nextSingle "Dance Dance Dance".Stand Up (James Cottriall song)."Stand Up" is a song by English musician James Cottriall, from his upcoming second studio album Love is Louder. It was released in Austria as a digital download on 20 January 2012. It entered the Austrian Singles Chart at number 10. The song was one of the finalists songs in the Austrian national final for the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 that will be held in Baku, Azerbaijan. The national final took place on 24 February 2012..comment "Stand Up" is a song by English musician James Cottriall, from his upcoming second studio album Love is Louder. It was released in Austria as a digital download on 20 January 2012. It entered the Austrian Singles Chart at number 10. The song was one of the finalists songs in the Austrian national final for the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 that will be held in Baku, Azerbaijan. The national final took place on 24 February 2012..
12/30	==DB== Stand Up (film).Stand Up is 2008 British film about stand up comedy, written and directed by Joseph Pierce. It featured Paul Putner and Daniel Rigby..comment Stand Up is 2008 British film about stand up comedy, written and directed by Joseph Pierce. It featured Paul Putner and Daniel Rigby..
13/30	==DB== Stand Up! for Democracy in DC Coalition.Stand Up! for Democracy in DC Coalition, commonly referred to as simply Stand Up! or "Free DC!", is a grassroots, nonpartisan citizens advocacy group. Founded in 1997, the aim of Stand Up! is to achieve full statehood for the District of Columbia, defined by the group as recognition of DC's long-standing petition for statehood, full control of the local budget, with no review or veto by Congress of the District's budget or local laws, its own locally elected or appointed judges, and full voting representation in the United States House and Senate..comment Stand Up! for Democracy in DC Coalition, commonly referred to as simply Stand Up! or "Free DC!", is a grassroots, nonpartisan citizens advocacy group. Founded in 1997, the aim of Stand Up! is to achieve full statehood for the District of Columbia, defined by the group as recognition of DC's long-standing petition for statehood, full control of the local budget, with no review or veto by Congress of the District's budget or local laws, its own locally elected or appointed judges, and full voting representation in the United States House and Senate..
14/30	==DB== Stand Up.producer Mike Shipley and Def Leppard.length 271.0.released --07-07.bSide "Let's Get Rocked".bSide "Elected".bSide "She's Too Tough".lastSingle "Heaven Is".nextSingle "Tonight".Stand Up (Kick Love into Motion)."Stand Up (Kick Love into Motion)" is a 1993 single by British hard rock band Def Leppard from their multi-platinum album Adrenalize. The song reached #1 on the Billboard Album Rock charts, and #34 on the Billboard Hot 100. This was the fourth single from the Adrenalize album. Phil Collen, according to a statement on the Rock of Ages and Best Of compilations albums, says that this song was written at Wisseloord Studios while Def Leppard was recording the album Hysteria. It was written by Collen and Steve Clark. This song was not included on Hysteria, since the band thought it was very similar to the song "Hysteria"..comment "Stand Up (Kick Love into Motion)" is a 1993 single by British hard rock band Def Leppard from their multi-platinum album Adrenalize. The song reached #1 on the Billboard Album Rock charts, and #34 on the Billboard Hot 100. This was the fourth single from the Adrenalize album..
15/30	==DB== Stand Up.length 273.0.Stand Up (Jet song)."Stand Up" is a song by Australian rock band Jet from their second album Shine On. Although it was speculated to be the fourth single off the album, and a live video had been filmed in Australia during a secret show on the Yarra River, "Stand Up" wasn't released as a single. The song, however, has been featured in commercials on the Discovery Channel for the highlights of 2007 and it charted at 22 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart..comment "Stand Up" is a song by Australian rock band Jet from their second album Shine On. Although it was speculated to be the fourth single off the album, and a live video had been filmed in Australia during a secret show on the Yarra River, "Stand Up" wasn't released as a single. The song, however, has been featured in commercials on the Discovery Channel for the highlights of 2007 and it charted at 22 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart..
16/30	==DB== Stand Up.producer Steve Morse.lastAlbum The Introduction.nextAlbum High Tension Wires.recorded M.O.R. Studio and Chesire Sound in Atlanta, Georgia.Stand Up (Steve Morse Band album).Stand Up is the second studio album by the guitarist Steve Morse, released in 1985 by Elektra Records..comment Stand Up is the second studio album by the guitarist Steve Morse, released in 1985 by Elektra Records..
17/30	==DB== Stand Up.length 255.0.recorded February 1981.recorded Shelter Studios, Perth, Western Australia.format 7.0.bSide "Farmers Never Visit Nightclubs".nextSingle Spanish Blue.aSide "Stand Up".Stand Up (The Triffids song).Stand Up is the debut single released by Australian folk rock group, The Triffids in July 1981. The production by Peter Simpson for the Shake Some Action label was the prize for the band winning a song competition in late 1980. The competition was sponsored by the Western Australian Institute of Technology (now Curtin University) Student Guild’s radio show on 6NR (now Curtin FM). The lyrics of the chorus exemplify a tone that singer-songwriter, David McComb, would pursue throughout his work. "...Stand up for your rightsGrab your baby and hold her tightIf she don't love you well it's OKWe're all gonna die anyway..." McComb later said, "Most people preferred 'Farmers'. I guess people find that sort of thing zany. To this day we get people screaming out for that song when we play live.".comment Stand Up is the debut single released by Australian folk rock group, The Triffids in July 1981. The production by Peter Simpson for the Shake Some Action label was the prize for the band winning a song competition in late 1980. The competition was sponsored by the Western Australian Institute of Technology (now Curtin University) Student Guild’s radio show on 6NR (now Curtin FM). The lyrics of the chorus exemplify a tone that singer-songwriter, David McComb, would pursue throughout his work..
18/30	==DB== Stand Up! (song).
19/30	==DB== Stand Up.producer Right Said Fred.writer Richard Fairbrass, Fred Fairbass, Rob Manzoli.released 2002-07-08.Stand Up (For the Champions)."Stand Up (For the Champions)" is a song by British band Right Said Fred from their album Stand Up in 2002. In the United States, the song has been used by some National Football League teams. It was used for the medal ceremony at the LEN European Swimming Championships in Budapest, Hungary in August 2010. The song was also played at Lord's during the 2009 T20 Cricket World Cup when Pakistan's national cricket team beat Sri Lanka in the final and won the world cup. Swedish floorball team Storvreta IBK used it 2012/2013 as its entrance song during their games in Swedish Super League. The Zambian High-School ISSEA (International Schools of Southern & Eastern Africa) boys' volleyball team winners, the Lusaka Leopards, played this song after the winning point of the tournament was scored. It was the entrance song for South African heavyweight boxer Corrie 'Sniper' Sanders on the day he beat WBO heavyweight Champion Wladimir Klitschko for his title in Hannover, Germany on March 8, 2003..comment "Stand Up (For the Champions)" is a song by British band Right Said Fred from their album Stand Up in 2002. In the United States, the song has been used by some National Football League teams. It was used for the medal ceremony at the LEN European Swimming Championships in Budapest, Hungary in August 2010. The song was also played at Lord's during the 2009 T20 Cricket World Cup when Pakistan's national cricket team beat Sri Lanka in the final and won the world cup. Swedish floorball team Storvreta IBK used it 2012/2013 as its entrance song during their games in Swedish Super League..
20/30	==DB== Stand Up.writer Ricky Ray Rector.length 153.0.released 1985-09-02.recorded 1985-06-14.bSide "I Feel a Storm Coming".lastSingle "Let It Roll (Let It Rock)".Stand Up (Mel McDaniel song)."Stand Up" is a song recorded by American country music artist Mel McDaniel. It was released in September 1985 as the lead single and title track from McDaniel's album Stand Up. It peaked at number 5 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and at number 3 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart. It was written by Bruce Channel, Ricky Ray Rector, and Sonny Throckmorton. It was covered by The Band on their 1996 album High on the Hog..comment "Stand Up" is a song recorded by American country music artist Mel McDaniel. It was released in September 1985 as the lead single and title track from McDaniel's album Stand Up. It peaked at number 5 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and at number 3 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart. It was written by Bruce Channel, Ricky Ray Rector, and Sonny Throckmorton. It was covered by The Band on their 1996 album High on the Hog..
21/30	==DB== Stand Up, Stand Up.type EP.3.length 1199.0.lastAlbum The Walk.nextAlbum Shout It Out.Stand Up, Stand Up.Stand Up, Stand Up is a live acoustic EP released by Hanson, recorded at the Tulsa Little Theatre in May 2009 with an intimate crowd of about 700 fan-club members over two days. It features four acoustic versions of new Hanson tracks for their upcoming album Shout It Out, which was released on June 8, 2010, along with the album version of "World's on Fire" The EP became available worldwide on all major digital stores including iTunes, Amazon, Rhapsody and Napster, December 8, 2009. It also became available on all major US mobile network music stores..comment Stand Up, Stand Up is a live acoustic EP released by Hanson, recorded at the Tulsa Little Theatre in May 2009 with an intimate crowd of about 700 fan-club members over two days. It features four acoustic versions of new Hanson tracks for their upcoming album Shout It Out, which was released on June 8, 2010, along with the album version of "World's on Fire" The EP became available worldwide on all major digital stores including iTunes, Amazon, Rhapsody and Napster, December 8, 2009. It also became available on all major US mobile network music stores..
22/30	==DB== Stand Up.certification Platinum.lastSingle "Stand Up"/"Not Many".nextSingle "Dreaming"/"So Nice".aSide "Not Many.Stand Up (Scribe song)."Stand Up" is the debut single by New Zealand rapper Scribe, from his 2003 album, The Crusader. It was released as a double A-side with "Not Many"..comment "Stand Up" is the debut single by New Zealand rapper Scribe, from his 2003 album, The Crusader. It was released as a double A-side with "Not Many"..
23/30	==DB== Stand Up.length 189.0.released 2010-04-19.lastSingle "Unbroken".nextSingle "Stuck in a Box".Stand Up (The Feelers song)."Stand Up" is a song recorded by New Zealand band The Feelers for their third studio album, Playground Battle (2003). Written by band singer James Reid, the song reached number seventeen on the New Zealand Singles Chart and won the New Zealand Music Award for Radio Airplay Record of the Year. Stan Walker covered the song in 2010..comment "Stand Up" is a song recorded by New Zealand band The Feelers for their third studio album, Playground Battle (2003). Written by band singer James Reid, the song reached number seventeen on the New Zealand Singles Chart and won the New Zealand Music Award for Radio Airplay Record of the Year. Stan Walker covered the song in 2010..
24/30	==DB== Stand Up (Steel Dragon song).
25/30	==DB== 
26/30	==SS== To rise from a lying or sitting position.'''''Stand up''', then sit down again.'' 
27/30	==DB== Stand Up.length 1209.0.released 2008-08-08.lastAlbum With U.nextAlbum --08-08.nextAlbum Number 1.Stand Up (EP).Stand Up is the third Korean mini album by South Korean boy band Big Bang, released by YG Entertainment. The mini album sold over 200,000 copies and contained the hit song "하루하루" or "Day by Day", better known as 'Haru Haru' which managed to achieve as much success as Big Bang's latest hits, "Lies" and "Last Farewell". "Haru Haru" became one of the most successful singles of all-time in South Korea, selling over 5,4 million digital downloads in the country alone..comment Stand Up is the third Korean mini album by South Korean boy band Big Bang, released by YG Entertainment. The mini album sold over 200,000 copies and contained the hit song "하루하루" or "Day by Day", better known as 'Haru Haru' which managed to achieve as much success as Big Bang's latest hits, "Lies" and "Last Farewell". "Haru Haru" became one of the most successful singles of all-time in South Korea, selling over 5,4 million digital downloads in the country alone..
28/30	==DB== Stand Up.producer Akihito Tokunaga.released 2001-04-18.bSide "Double Rainbow".lastSingle "Tsumetai Umi/Start in My Life".nextSingle "Always".Stand Up (Mai Kuraki song)."Stand Up" is a song by Japanese singer-songwriter Mai Kuraki from her second studio album, Perfect Crime (2001). It was released as the third single from the album on April 18, 2001. The lyrics to the song were penned by Kuraki and the track was produced by Akihito Tokunaga. The single peaked at number two on the Oricon Singles Chart and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ). It has sold about 476,000 copies in Japan as of October 2014. The single's jacket image was compared to that of Bruce Springsteen's Born to Run (1975)..comment "Stand Up" is a song by Japanese singer-songwriter Mai Kuraki from her second studio album, Perfect Crime (2001). It was released as the third single from the album on April 18, 2001. The lyrics to the song were penned by Kuraki and the track was produced by Akihito Tokunaga. The single peaked at number two on the Oricon Singles Chart and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ). It has sold about 476,000 copies in Japan as of October 2014. The single's jacket image was compared to that of Bruce Springsteen's Born to Run (1975)..
29/30	==DB== Stand Up.released 2002-08-26.lastAlbum Fredhead.nextAlbum For Sale.Stand Up (Right Said Fred album).Stand Up is the fifth album by British pop group Right Said Fred. It debuted in the top ten of the German Albums Chart, following the success of their previous album Fredhead in the country. The album's lone single "Stand Up (For the Champions)" went on to become a heavily used track at sports events all over the world. The song also reached #1 in Japan..comment Stand Up is the fifth album by British pop group Right Said Fred. It debuted in the top ten of the German Albums Chart, following the success of their previous album Fredhead in the country. The album's lone single "Stand Up (For the Champions)" went on to become a heavily used track at sports events all over the world. The song also reached #1 in Japan..
30/30	==DB== Stand Up!!.
===218	start up	7
1/7	==DB== creator *.showName StartUp.starring *.starring *Otmara Marrero *.StartUp (TV series).StartUp is an American television series that debuted on Crackle on September 6, 2016..comment StartUp is an American television series that debuted on Crackle on September 6, 2016..
2/7	==SS== To rise suddenly.''He '''started up''' when he heard the scream.'' 
3/7	==DB== StartUp (podcast).StartUp is an American podcast from Gimlet Media hosted by Alex Blumberg and Lisa Chow. While the first two seasons follow stories of starting businesses; Season 1 about the starting of Gimlet Media itself, and Season 2, a dating company called 'Dating Ring', the third seasons follows one business per episode. The first episode was released on September 5, 2014; featuring Alex Blumberg pitching his company to venture investor Chris Sacca. The podcast receives roughly 1,000,000 listens per month. In September 2016, it was reported Zach Braff and Scrubs co-executive producer Matt Tarses were developing the podcast into a comedy TV series for ABC, with Braff to star in the pilot..comment StartUp is an American podcast from Gimlet Media hosted by Alex Blumberg and Lisa Chow. While the first two seasons follow stories of starting businesses; Season 1 about the starting of Gimlet Media itself, and Season 2, a dating company called 'Dating Ring', the third seasons follows one business per episode. The first episode was released on September 5, 2014; featuring Alex Blumberg pitching his company to venture investor Chris Sacca. The podcast receives roughly 1,000,000 listens per month..
4/7	==DB== Startup!.released 2014-05-28.bSide "DO-DO-DO".lastSingle "My Avatar".nextSingle "Obsession".Startup!."Startup!" (Japanese スタートアップ！) is a Japanese-language song, and the sixth Japanese single, by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their 6th Japanese single album of the same name. The single was released physically on May 28, 2014..comment "Startup!" (Japanese スタートアップ！) is a Japanese-language song, and the sixth Japanese single, by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their 6th Japanese single album of the same name. The single was released physically on May 28, 2014..
5/7	==DB== populationDensityKm 80.8.populationDensitySqMi 209.2.officialName Startup, Washington.areaTotalKm 10.3.elevationM 45.populationTotal 676.postalCode 98293.areaCode 360.utcOffset -8.utcOffsetDst -7.areaLandKm 10.1.areaWaterKm 0.2.areaTotalSqMi 4.areaLandSqMi 3.9.areaWaterSqMi 0.1.elevationFt 148.Startup, Washington.Startup is a census-designated place (CDP) in Snohomish County, Washington, United States. The population was 676 at the 2010 census..comment Startup is a census-designated place (CDP) in Snohomish County, Washington, United States. The population was 676 at the 2010 census..
6/7	==DB== Startup.com.producer Jehane Noujaim.producer Edward Rugoff.producer Chris Hegedus.producer Rebecca Marshall.producer Frazer Pennebaker.runtime 6420.0.cinematography Jehane Noujaim.editing Jehane Noujaim.editing Chris Hegedus.editing Erez Laufer.Startup.com.Startup.com is a 2001 documentary film about the dot-com start-up govWorks.com, which raised $60 million USD in funding from Hearst Interactive Media, KKR, the New York Investment Fund, and Sapient. The startup did not survive, but it became a reference for lessons learned, as it was the subject of a 2001 documentary that follows govWorks founders Kaleil Isaza Tuzman and Tom Herman from 1999-2000, as the Internet bubble was bursting..comment Startup.com is a 2001 documentary film about the dot-com start-up govWorks.com, which raised $60 million USD in funding from Hearst Interactive Media, KKR, the New York Investment Fund, and Sapient. The startup did not survive, but it became a reference for lessons learned, as it was the subject of a 2001 documentary that follows govWorks founders Kaleil Isaza Tuzman and Tom Herman from 1999-2000, as the Internet bubble was bursting..
7/7	==DB== Startup company.A startup company (startup or start-up) is an entrepreneurial venture which is typically a newly emerged, fast-growing business that aims to meet a marketplace need by developing or offering an innovative product, process or service. A startup is usually a company such as a small business, a partnership or an organization designed to rapidly develop scalable business model. Often, startup companies deploy technologies, such as Internet, e-commerce, computers, telecommunications, or robotics. These companies are generally involved in the design and implementation of the innovative processes of the development, validation and research for target markets. While start-ups do not all operate in technology realms, the term became internationally widespread during the dot-com bubble in the late 1990s, when a great number of Internet-based companies were founded..comment A startup company (startup or start-up) is an entrepreneurial venture which is typically a newly emerged, fast-growing business that aims to meet a marketplace need by developing or offering an innovative product, process or service. A startup is usually a company such as a small business, a partnership or an organization designed to rapidly develop scalable business model. Often, startup companies deploy technologies, such as Internet, e-commerce, computers, telecommunications, or robotics. These companies are generally involved in the design and implementation of the innovative processes of the development, validation and research for target markets. While start-ups do not all operate in technology realms, the term became internationally widespread during the dot-com bubble in the late 1.
===219	stay down	3
1/3	==DB== Stay Down Here Where You Belong."Stay Down Here Where You Belong" was a pacifist song written by Irving Berlin in 1914. The lyrics depict a conversation between the devil and his son, the devil exhorting him to "stay down here where you belong" because people on Earth do not know right from wrong. To serve their king, they've all gone off to war.And not a one of them knows what they're fighting for. While Henry Burr's recording of the song may have mirrored a large portion of American sentiment during the early days of World War I, the eventual entry of the United States into the conflict and the consequent reversal of the national mood turned the song into a major source of embarrassment for Berlin, who is better known for his subsequent patriotic songs. One of Berlin's peeves was the penchant of Groucho Marx to sing the song; Berlin offered Marx $100 not to do it again. A rendition by Marx appears on his concert album, An Evening with Groucho. A rendition of "Stay Down Here Where You Belong" was also recorded by Tiny Tim. In the late 20th and early 21st century it has also been performed by the New Leviathan Oriental Foxtrot Orchestra..comment "Stay Down Here Where You Belong" was a pacifist song written by Irving Berlin in 1914. The lyrics depict a conversation between the devil and his son, the devil exhorting him to "stay down here where you belong" because people on Earth do not know right from wrong. To serve their king, they've all gone off to war.And not a one of them knows what they're fighting for. A rendition of "Stay Down Here Where You Belong" was also recorded by Tiny Tim. In the late 20th and early 21st century it has also been performed by the New Leviathan Oriental Foxtrot Orchestra..
2/3	==DB== Stay Down.producer Bryan-Michael Cox, Kuk Harrell.writer Mary J. Blige, Johnta Austin, Bryan-Michael Cox.Matriarch, Geffen, Interscope.length 262.0.released 2008-03-18.lastSingle "Work That".nextSingle "Remember Me".Stay Down (song)."Stay Down" is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige from her eighth studio album, Growing Pains (2007). It was produced by Bryan-Michael Cox, who co-wrote the song with Johnta Austin and Blige herself. Released as the album's third and final single, it replaced "Hurt Again", that was released for a short time for airplay, but at the last minute was canceled in the favor of "Stay Down". The video for "Stay Down" was directed by Hype Williams and premiered on April 17, 2008..comment "Stay Down" is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige from her eighth studio album, Growing Pains (2007). It was produced by Bryan-Michael Cox, who co-wrote the song with Johnta Austin and Blige herself. Released as the album's third and final single, it replaced "Hurt Again", that was released for a short time for airplay, but at the last minute was canceled in the favor of "Stay Down". The video for "Stay Down" was directed by Hype Williams and premiered on April 17, 2008..
3/3	==DB== Stay Down.type Studio album.released 2008-08-05.lastAlbum At Metro.nextAlbum This Is Only A Test.Stay Down (album).Stay Down is the fourth studio album by Chicago pop punk group Smoking Popes. Released on Curb Appeal Records on August 5, 2008, it was the band's first studio album since their 2005 reunion and their first album of original material since 1997's Destination Failure. It's the only Smoking Popes album to feature drummer Ryan Chavez, who joined the band in 2006. Shortly after the release of the album Curb Appeal Records folded and the album went out of print. The album's troubled release influenced the band's decision to find an established label and tour heavily behind their followup album, 2011's This Is Only A Test. In 2011, the album was scheduled for rerelease, alongside Get Fired and Born to Quit, on Asian Man Records. By 2012, the release had been removed from the schedule and the band had moved on to SideOneDummy Records..comment Stay Down is the fourth studio album by Chicago pop punk group Smoking Popes. Released on Curb Appeal Records on August 5, 2008, it was the band's first studio album since their 2005 reunion and their first album of original material since 1997's Destination Failure. It's the only Smoking Popes album to feature drummer Ryan Chavez, who joined the band in 2006. In 2011, the album was scheduled for rerelease, alongside Get Fired and Born to Quit, on Asian Man Records. By 2012, the release had been removed from the schedule and the band had moved on to SideOneDummy Records..
===220	step back	4
1/4	==DB== Step Back.length 3033.0.released 2014-09-02.nextAlbum Remembrance Vol. 1.Step Back (album).Step Back is an album by blues guitarist and singer Johnny Winter. It features performances by a number of guest musicians, including Eric Clapton, Dr. John, Billy Gibbons from ZZ Top, Joe Perry from Aerosmith, Leslie West from Mountain, and Brian Setzer from the Stray Cats. It was released by Megaforce Records on September 2, 2014. As on Winter's previous studio album, Roots, the songs are mainly blues standards. Roots and Step Back were both produced by his guitarist Paul Nelson. Step Back was released posthumously. Winter had finished recording the album, and then played a concert tour in Europe, before he died on July 16, 2014. The album debuted at #1 on the Billboard charts for Blues Albums and Independent Albums, and at #16 on the Billboard 200. At the 2015 Grammy Awards, Step Back won the Grammy Award for Best Blues Album..comment Step Back is an album by blues guitarist and singer Johnny Winter. It features performances by a number of guest musicians, including Eric Clapton, Dr. John, Billy Gibbons from ZZ Top, Joe Perry from Aerosmith, Leslie West from Mountain, and Brian Setzer from the Stray Cats. It was released by Megaforce Records on September 2, 2014. As on Winter's previous studio album, Roots, the songs are mainly blues standards. Roots and Step Back were both produced by his guitarist Paul Nelson. At the 2015 Grammy Awards, Step Back won the Grammy Award for Best Blues Album..
2/4	==DB== Step Back" / "Slide.Pivotal/Shock.length 3.released 2001-07-02.lastSingle Bullet.nextSingle 7.Step Back/Slide."Step Back" / "Slide" is a double A-side single by Australian nu metal group, Superheist from their debut album, The Prize Recruit. Both tracks were co-written by Richard William "DW" Norton on lead guitar and backing vocals; Roderick "Burger" McLeod on lead vocals; and Fetah Sabawi on synthesisers and samplers. It had less chart success than the previous two singles, although it reached the top 100 on the ARIA Singles Chart. The album, including both tracks, was produced by Kalju Tonuma. The cover was a cardboard sheath over a jewel-case CD featuring a flip style alternative cover with concept art for the two A-sides. Only "Step Back" was provided with promotional music video..comment "Step Back" / "Slide" is a double A-side single by Australian nu metal group, Superheist from their debut album, The Prize Recruit. Both tracks were co-written by Richard William "DW" Norton on lead guitar and backing vocals; Roderick "Burger" McLeod on lead vocals; and Fetah Sabawi on synthesisers and samplers. It had less chart success than the previous two singles, although it reached the top 100 on the ARIA Singles Chart. The album, including both tracks, was produced by Kalju Tonuma. The cover was a cardboard sheath over a jewel-case CD featuring a flip style alternative cover with concept art for the two A-sides. Only "Step Back" was provided with promotional music video..
3/4	==SS== 
4/4	==SS== A reversion to a former state or situation.
===221	straight up	9
1/9	==DB== runtime 3600.0.showName Straight Up.numEpisodes 13.Straight Up (TV series).Straight Up is a popular but short lived Canadian television series produced by Back Alley Films. Although critically acclaimed, the show only ran for 13 episodes on CBC Television from 1996 to 1998. Set in Toronto, the show dealt with the gritty problems of teenagers living in an urban environment. Rather than focusing on a core group of principal characters, each episode would typically feature a different set of the ensemble teenage cast. Initially, although the character relationships were intertwined, each episode would feature a self-contained plot usually involving only a few of the characters. However during the second season, there was a continuing story arc involving a murder over multiple episodes. Although Straight Up only lasted for two seasons, it spawned the spin-off series Drop the Beat, which followed the characters of Jeff and Dennis as DJs at a campus radio station..comment Straight Up is a popular but short lived Canadian television series produced by Back Alley Films. Although critically acclaimed, the show only ran for 13 episodes on CBC Television from 1996 to 1998. Set in Toronto, the show dealt with the gritty problems of teenagers living in an urban environment. Although Straight Up only lasted for two seasons, it spawned the spin-off series Drop the Beat, which followed the characters of Jeff and Dennis as DJs at a campus radio station..
2/9	==DB== Straight up (bartending).
3/9	==DB== Straight Up.length 2531.0.released 1971-12-13.released 1972-02-11.lastAlbum No Dice.nextAlbum Ass.recorded --05-30.recorded Abbey Road Studios, AIR Studios, Command Studios, London.Straight Up (album).Straight Up is the third album by British rock band Badfinger, released in December 1971 in the United States and February 1972 in Britain. Issued on the Beatles' Apple record label, it includes the hit singles "Day After Day" and "Baby Blue", and the similarly popular "Name of the Game", all of which were written by singer and guitarist Pete Ham. The album marked a departure from the more rock-oriented sound of Badfinger's previous releases, partly as a result of intervention by Apple Records regarding the band's musical direction. Although Straight Up received a mixed response from critics on release, many reviewers now regard it as the band's best album. Rolling Stone critic David Fricke has referred to it as "Badfinger's power-pop apex". Production on what became Straight Up lasted nine months, at the start of which the group made an album's worth of recordings with producer Geoff Emerick, in between their touring commitments. Once Apple had decided to shelve these recordings, George Harrison took over production, only for him to become indisposed with events associated with the Concert for Bangladesh, at which Badfinger also performed. Harrison then handed the project to American producer Todd Rundgren, who oversaw recording for most of the album. Straight Up was reissued on CD in 1993, with bonus tracks, and remastered again in 2010..comment Straight Up is the third album by British rock band Badfinger, released in December 1971 in the United States and February 1972 in Britain. Issued on the Beatles' Apple record label, it includes the hit singles "Day After Day" and "Baby Blue", and the similarly popular "Name of the Game", all of which were written by singer and guitarist Pete Ham. The album marked a departure from the more rock-oriented sound of Badfinger's previous releases, partly as a result of intervention by Apple Records regarding the band's musical direction. Although Straight Up received a mixed response from critics on release, many reviewers now regard it as the band's best album. Rolling Stone critic David Fricke has referred to it as "Badfinger's power-pop apex"..
4/9	==DB== Straight Up.isbn 1.Straight Up (book).Straight Up: America's Fiercest Climate Blogger Takes on the Status Quo Media, Politicians, and Clean Energy Solutions is a book by author, blogger, physicist and climate expert Joseph J. Romm. A Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and former Acting Assistant Secretary of the U.S. Department of Energy, Romm writes about methods of reducing global warming and increasing energy security through energy efficiency, green energy technologies and green transportation technologies. Romm writes and edits the climate blog ClimateProgress.org for the Center for American Progress, where he is a Senior Fellow. Time magazine named this blog one of the "Top 15 Green Websites" and called Romm "The Web's most influential climate-change blogger", naming him as one of its "Heroes of the Environment (2009)". Straight Up was released on April 19, 2010 by Island Press. It is "largely a selection of [Romm]'s best blog postings over the past few years related to climate change issues". TreeHugger describes the book as "a whirlwind tour through the state of climate change, the media that so badly neglects it, the politicians who attempt to address it (and those who obstruct their efforts and ignore [the] science), and the clean energy solutions that could help get us out of the mess.".comment Straight Up: America's Fiercest Climate Blogger Takes on the Status Quo Media, Politicians, and Clean Energy Solutions is a book by author, blogger, physicist and climate expert Joseph J. Romm. A Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and former Acting Assistant Secretary of the U.S. Department of Energy, Romm writes about methods of reducing global warming and increasing energy security through energy efficiency, green energy technologies and green transportation technologies..
5/9	==DB== Straight Up.producer Elliot Wolff.filename Straight Up sample.ogg.title "Straight Up".description Paula Abdul's "Straight Up" from Forever Your Girl.length 251.0.released 1988-11-22.format 7".format 12".certification Platinum.lastSingle "(It's Just) The Way That You Love Me".nextSingle "Forever Your Girl".Straight Up (Paula Abdul song)."Straight Up" is a song recorded by American singer Paula Abdul, which reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and brought her widespread public attention. It was written and produced by Elliot Wolff. The song is a mid-tempo dance tune. The synthetic lead trumpet sound comes from the Roland D-50 (preset 1-5). Daniel J. Levitin's This Is Your Brain On Music praises the song as "hold[ing] a certain appeal over many, many listenings.".comment "Straight Up" is a song recorded by American singer Paula Abdul, which reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and brought her widespread public attention. It was written and produced by Elliot Wolff. The song is a mid-tempo dance tune. The synthetic lead trumpet sound comes from the Roland D-50 (preset 1-5). Daniel J. Levitin's This Is Your Brain On Music praises the song as "hold[ing] a certain appeal over many, many listenings.".
6/9	==DB== Straight Up (film).Straight Up is a 1988 anti-drug film produced by Community Television of Southern California and funded by the United States Department of Education. It is a high fantasy dramatization of the dangers of substance abuse and how to avoid them. The film has been released into the public for free viewing..comment Straight Up is a 1988 anti-drug film produced by Community Television of Southern California and funded by the United States Department of Education. It is a high fantasy dramatization of the dangers of substance abuse and how to avoid them. The film has been released into the public for free viewing..
7/9	==DB== Straight Up.producer Jermaine Dupri.length 212.0.released 2000-10-10.Straight Up (Chanté Moore song)."Straight Up" is a single by American jazz and R&B singer Chanté Moore, released in 2000. It was written by R&B singer Lil' Mo and produced by Jermaine Dupri. The song served as the lead single for Chanté Moore's fourth album Exposed (2000). The song made it to number 83 on the US chart, 22 in the US R&B chart and 11 on the UK Singles Chart. In 2005, Jermaine Dupri hand picked Korean pop sensation singer Lee Hyori to cover the single for her second LP Dark Angel. The song was released as the album's third and final single. Hyori's version did not really differ from the original other than converting most of the lyrics from English to Korean..comment "Straight Up" is a single by American jazz and R&B singer Chanté Moore, released in 2000. It was written by R&B singer Lil' Mo and produced by Jermaine Dupri. The song served as the lead single for Chanté Moore's fourth album Exposed (2000). The song made it to number 83 on the US chart, 22 in the US R&B chart and 11 on the UK Singles Chart..
8/9	==DB== Straight Up.RCA Victor LSP 3761.lastAlbum The Caribbean Suite.nextAlbum Watch What Happens.Straight Up (Harold Vick album).Straight Up is an album led by American saxophonist Harold Vick recorded in 1966 and released on the RCA Victor label..comment Straight Up is an album led by American saxophonist Harold Vick recorded in 1966 and released on the RCA Victor label..
9/9	==SS== truthfully, honestly, seriously''She told me '''straight up''' that she did not want to go.'' 
===222	strap on	5
1/5	==DB== Strap-on keyboard.
2/5	==DB== Strap-on booster.
3/5	==DB== Strap-on dildo.A strap-on dildo (also strap-on, strapon or dildo harness) is a dildo designed to be worn, usually with a harness, during sexual activity. Harnesses and dildos are made in a wide variety of styles, with variations in how the harness fits the wearer, how the dildo attaches to the harness, as well as various features intended to facilitate stimulation of the wearer or a sexual partner. A strap-on dildo can be used for a wide variety of sexual activities, including vaginal sex, anal sex, oral sex, or solo or mutual masturbation. Sexual lubricant can be used to ease insertion, and strap-on dildos can be used by people of any gender or sexuality..comment A strap-on dildo (also strap-on, strapon or dildo harness) is a dildo designed to be worn, usually with a harness, during sexual activity. Harnesses and dildos are made in a wide variety of styles, with variations in how the harness fits the wearer, how the dildo attaches to the harness, as well as various features intended to facilitate stimulation of the wearer or a sexual partner..
4/5	==DB== numberBuilt 3.unitCost 7995.0.Vortech Meg-2XH Strap-On.The Vortech Meg-2XH Strap-On is an American helicopter that was designed and produced by Vortech of Fallston, Maryland. Now out of production, when it was available the aircraft was supplied as a kit and also in the form of plans for amateur construction. Vortech also supplied rotor blades for the design. While listed as available early in 1998, by the end of that year the aircraft was no longer listed on the Vortech website..comment The Vortech Meg-2XH Strap-On is an American helicopter that was designed and produced by Vortech of Fallston, Maryland. Now out of production, when it was available the aircraft was supplied as a kit and also in the form of plans for amateur construction. Vortech also supplied rotor blades for the design. While listed as available early in 1998, by the end of that year the aircraft was no longer listed on the Vortech website..
5/5	==SS== 
===223	strike out	3
1/3	==SS== To lash out; to strike or hit at someone or something, particularly something in arm's length of the striker and at or near the level of the striker's head.
2/3	==DB== horsename Strike Out.Strike Out.Strike Out, (1969–1998) was a Standardbred North American Harness racing champion..comment Strike Out, (1969–1998) was a Standardbred North American Harness racing champion..
3/3	==DB== Strikeout.In baseball or softball, a strikeout (or strike-out) occurs when a batter accumulates three strikes during a time at bat. It usually means the batter is out. A strikeout is a statistic recorded for both pitchers and batters, and is denoted by K. Although a strikeout suggests that the pitcher dominated the batter, the free-swinging style that generates home runs also leaves batters susceptible to striking out. Some of the greatest home run hitters of all time — such as Alex Rodriguez, Gorman Thomas, Reggie Jackson, and Sammy Sosa — were notorious for striking out..comment In baseball or softball, a strikeout (or strike-out) occurs when a batter accumulates three strikes during a time at bat. It usually means the batter is out. A strikeout is a statistic recorded for both pitchers and batters, and is denoted by K. Although a strikeout suggests that the pitcher dominated the batter, the free-swinging style that generates home runs also leaves batters susceptible to striking out. Some of the greatest home run hitters of all time — such as Alex Rodriguez, Gorman Thomas, Reggie Jackson, and Sammy Sosa — were notorious for striking out..
===224	take over	9
1/9	==DB== The Takeover.length 2890.0.released 2009-02-17.lastAlbum Heroes in the City of Dope.nextAlbum Atomic Clock.The Takeover (Zion I album).The Takeover is the sixth studio album by West Coast hip hop duo Zion I, released February 17, 2009 on Gold Dust Media. The album features production from Zion I's producer Amp Live. Guest appearances are provided by Brother Ali, Devin The Dude, K.Flay, TY and Jennifer Johns..comment The Takeover is the sixth studio album by West Coast hip hop duo Zion I, released February 17, 2009 on Gold Dust Media. The album features production from Zion I's producer Amp Live. Guest appearances are provided by Brother Ali, Devin The Dude, K.Flay, TY and Jennifer Johns..
2/9	==DB== Takeover.length 313.0.released 2001-09-11.trackNo 4.Takeover (song)."Takeover" is a track recorded by Jay-Z for his 2001 album The Blueprint. The song is a diss track aimed at rappers Nas and Prodigy of Mobb Deep..comment "Takeover" is a track recorded by Jay-Z for his 2001 album The Blueprint. The song is a diss track aimed at rappers Nas and Prodigy of Mobb Deep..
3/9	==DB== Takeover Radio 103.2.Takeover Radio 106.9.area Leicester, Leicestershire.area Ashfield, Nottinghamshire.frequency 103.2.frequency 106.9.airdate 2002-03-05.airdate 2010-01-16.Takeover Radio.Takeover Radio is a community radio station broadcasting on FM to Leicester, to the Ashfield district in Nottinghamshire and on the Internet, specialising in helping children gain experience and direct participative involvement in radio broadcasting. Takeover Radio 103.2FM was the first 'Takeover' station to be set up, which broadcasts to Leicestershire on 103.2FM and Worldwide on the Web.Takeover Radio 106.9 was the second, and most recent 'Takeover' station to be set up, which broadcasts to the district of Ashfield on 106.9FM and Worldwide on the Web.Both stations have a 24/7 on-air schedule. Created in 1996, it enjoyed several years output as a programme format on short-term temporary licence stations. Takeover Radio's first full-time broadcasting output was achieved with the award of one of the first 15 licensed UK Pilot Access Radio stations by the (then) UK Radio Authority in 2001. This was followed by the grant of a Community Radio licence by the now current UK Government regulator Ofcom in 2005..comment Takeover Radio is a community radio station broadcasting on FM to Leicester, to the Ashfield district in Nottinghamshire and on the Internet, specialising in helping children gain experience and direct participative involvement in radio broadcasting..
4/9	==DB== The Takeover.producer Michael Woods.runtime 5460.0.music Jimmy Lifton.The Takeover (film).The Takeover is a 1995 action film starring Billy Drago and Nick Mancuso as rival drug lords. David Amos and Gene Mitchell play good-guys who try to intervene in the turf war..comment The Takeover is a 1995 action film starring Billy Drago and Nick Mancuso as rival drug lords. David Amos and Gene Mitchell play good-guys who try to intervene in the turf war..
5/9	==DB== The Takeover.pages 190.isbn 0.dewey 823.congress PZ4.S735 Tak 1978 PR6037.P29.oclc 4570177.mediaType Print.The Takeover (novel).The Takeover is a novel by the Scottish author Muriel Spark. It was first published in 1976. It is set in Nemi, Italy between 1973 and 1975. The author had moved to Italy as a permanent resident in the late 1960s..comment The Takeover is a novel by the Scottish author Muriel Spark. It was first published in 1976. It is set in Nemi, Italy between 1973 and 1975. The author had moved to Italy as a permanent resident in the late 1960s..
6/9	==DB== NXT TakeOver.date 2014-05-29.NXT TakeOver.NXT TakeOver was a professional wrestling event produced by WWE, under their NXT brand and was broadcast live on the WWE Network, available to subscribers. NXT TakeOver took place on May 29, 2014 at NXT's "home" arena, Full Sail University in Winter Park, Florida and featured five matches as part of the main broadcast and one match prior to the televised portion of the show. The main event of the show was the first high profile NXT Championship defense in Adrian Neville's title reign after winning the championship at NXT Arrival as he wrestled Tyson Kidd. The show also hosted the finals of a tournament for the vacant NXT Women's Championship as Charlotte, accompanied by her father Ric Flair faced off against Natalya accompanied by her uncle Bret Hart..comment NXT TakeOver was a professional wrestling event produced by WWE, under their NXT brand and was broadcast live on the WWE Network, available to subscribers. NXT TakeOver took place on May 29, 2014 at NXT's "home" arena, Full Sail University in Winter Park, Florida and featured five matches as part of the main broadcast and one match prior to the televised portion of the show. The main event of the show was the first high profile NXT Championship defense in Adrian Neville's title reign after winning the championship at NXT Arrival as he wrestled Tyson Kidd. The show also hosted the finals of a tournament for the vacant NXT Women's Championship as Charlotte, accompanied by her father Ric Flair faced off against Natalya accompanied by her uncle Bret Hart..
7/9	==SS== ''He '''took''' the car '''over''' to the garage.'' 
8/9	==DB== IRC takeover.
9/9	==DB== Takeover.In business, a takeover is the purchase of one company (the target) by another (the acquirer, or bidder). In the UK, the term refers to the acquisition of a public company whose shares are listed on a stock exchange, in contrast to the acquisition of a private company..comment In business, a takeover is the purchase of one company (the target) by another (the acquirer, or bidder). In the UK, the term refers to the acquisition of a public company whose shares are listed on a stock exchange, in contrast to the acquisition of a private company..
===225	talk about	7
1/7	==DB== 
2/7	==DB== Let's Talk About Love.released 1997-11-14.lastAlbum The Collection 1982–1988.nextAlbum S'il suffisait d'aimer.Let's Talk About Love.Let's Talk About Love is the fifth English-language studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released on 14 November 1997, by Columbia/Epic Records. The follow-up to her commercially successful album Falling into You (1996), Let's Talk About Love showed a further progression of Dion's music. Throughout the project, she collaborated with Barbra Streisand, the Bee Gees, Luciano Pavarotti, Carole King, George Martin, Diana King, Brownstone, Corey Hart and her previous producers: David Foster, Ric Wake, Walter Afanasieff, Humberto Gatica and Jim Steinman. Let's Talk About Love includes Dion's biggest hit, "My Heart Will Go On". Written by James Horner and Will Jennings, and serving as the love theme for the 1997 blockbuster film Titanic, "My Heart Will Go On" topped the charts around the world, and has become Dion's signature song. Let's Talk About Love and its songs won many awards around the world. "My Heart Will Go On" won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year, Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, Song of the Year and Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television. Let's Talk About Love was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album and "Tell Him" for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals. Let's Talk About Love became one of the best-selling albums in history, with sales of over 31 million copies worldwide. It topped the charts around the world, including number one in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, France, Australia and many more. It became one of the best-selling albums of 1997 and 1998 in various countries and also one of the top-selling albums of the decade. It was certified Diamond, Multi-Platinum, Platinum and Gold around the world. The album has sold ten million copies in the US, another ten million in Europe, two million in Latin America, two million in the UK, 1.7 million in Canada, 1.6 million in France, 1.5 million in Germany and over one million in Japan. Various singles were released from the album, depending on the country. In addition to the major success of "My Heart Will Go On", other singles included "Tell Him", "Be the Man", "The Reason", "To Love You More", "Immortality", "Miles to Go (Before I Sleep)" and "Treat Her Like a Lady"..comment Let's Talk About Love is the fifth English-language studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released on 14 November 1997, by Columbia/Epic Records. The follow-up to her commercially successful album Falling into You (1996), Let's Talk About Love showed a further progression of Dion's music. Throughout the project, she collaborated with Barbra Streisand, the Bee Gees, Luciano Pavarotti, Carole King, George Martin, Diana King, Brownstone, Corey Hart and her previous producers: David Foster, Ric Wake, Walter Afanasieff, Humberto Gatica and Jim Steinman. Let's Talk About Love includes Dion's biggest hit, "My Heart Will Go On". Written by James Horner and Will Jennings, and serving as the love theme for the 1997 blockbuster film Titanic, "My Heart Will Go On" topped the charts around the w.
3/7	==DB== Something to Talk About (disambiguation).
4/7	==DB== runtime -1560.0.related Talk About.showName Talk About.firstAired 1989-09-18.lastAired 1990-03-16.Talk About (game show).Talk About is a game show produced in Canada for CBC, which bears some similarities to the board game Outburst. Originally produced for CBC for the 1988-89 season, it was later picked up for American television syndication, airing from September 18, 1989 to March 16, 1990 with repeats later airing on the USA Network from June 28 to December 31, 1993 and on GameTV from January 3, 2011 to September 2015. Taped at stage 40 of CBC's Vancouver studios, the show was hosted by Wayne Cox with local radio personality Dean Hill as announcer..comment Talk About is a game show produced in Canada for CBC, which bears some similarities to the board game Outburst. Originally produced for CBC for the 1988-89 season, it was later picked up for American television syndication, airing from September 18, 1989 to March 16, 1990 with repeats later airing on the USA Network from June 28 to December 31, 1993 and on GameTV from January 3, 2011 to September 2015. Taped at stage 40 of CBC's Vancouver studios, the show was hosted by Wayne Cox with local radio personality Dean Hill as announcer..
5/7	==SS== 
6/7	==DB== What We Talk About When We Talk About Love.pages 176.What We Talk About When We Talk About Love.What We Talk About When We Talk About Love is a 1981 collection of short stories by American writer Raymond Carver, as well as the title of one of the stories in the collection..comment What We Talk About When We Talk About Love is a 1981 collection of short stories by American writer Raymond Carver, as well as the title of one of the stories in the collection..
7/7	==DB== Talk About a Stranger.runtime 3900.0.budget 481000.0.gross 375000.0.Talk About a Stranger.Talk About a Stranger is a 1952 American film noir released in and directed by David Bradley. The drama features George Murphy, Nancy Davis and Billy Gray. The motion picture was shot by noted cinematographer John Alton, A.S.C..comment Talk About a Stranger is a 1952 American film noir released in and directed by David Bradley. The drama features George Murphy, Nancy Davis and Billy Gray. The motion picture was shot by noted cinematographer John Alton, A.S.C..
===226	talk back	13
1/13	==DB== runtime 3600.0.showName Talkback with Tina Palma.Talkback with Tina Palma.Talkback with Tina Palma is an interactive current affairs-talk show on the ABS-CBN News Channel (ANC) hosted by veteran broadcast journalist Tina Monzon-Palma. Airing every Monday at 7:00 pm. It aims to provide audiences a broader perspective of raging news and current events, and elicit real-life and real-time feedback, questions and insights from viewers..comment Talkback with Tina Palma is an interactive current affairs-talk show on the ABS-CBN News Channel (ANC) hosted by veteran broadcast journalist Tina Monzon-Palma. Airing every Monday at 7:00 pm. It aims to provide audiences a broader perspective of raging news and current events, and elicit real-life and real-time feedback, questions and insights from viewers..
2/13	==DB== Talk Back (BBC Radio Ulster).Talk Back is BBC Radio Ulster's award winning daily political and current-affairs phone-in programme, currently presented by William Crawley. It was launched on 8 September 1986 and runs from Monday to Friday, from just after the midday news to 1:30pm (1pm on the Radio Foyle simulcast). The programme's first presenter was Barry Cowan, who died in 2004, aged 56. Talk Back took the Silver Award in the 2006 Sony Radio Academy Awards for the News and Current Affairs programme of the year, and the programme marked its 20th anniversary on Friday 7 September 2006. Barry Cowan was replaced as presenter in 1989 by David Dunseith — affectionately known by some Northern Ireland politicians as "the great interrupter". Until March 2009, just after Saturday's midday news headlines, he also presented the Best of Talk Back which took a look back at the top stories covered by the Talk Back team that previous week. The Saturday edition only lasted one hour. Talk Back has been described by The Guardian as "an alternative peace process", and by Stephen Coleman, Director of Studies at The Hansard Society for Parliamentary Government, as "a public sounding board which reaches a larger listening audience than any other European phone-in. Since David Dunseiths Death Wendy Austin had presented the show Since Monday 3rd November 2014 as a shake up of radio ulster, Dr William Crawley has presented the show.comment Talk Back is BBC Radio Ulster's award winning daily political and current-affairs phone-in programme, currently presented by William Crawley. It was launched on 8 September 1986 and runs from Monday to Friday, from just after the midday news to 1:30pm (1pm on the Radio Foyle simulcast). The programme's first presenter was Barry Cowan, who died in 2004, aged 56. Talk Back took the Silver Award in the 2006 Sony Radio Academy Awards for the News and Current Affairs programme of the year, and the programme marked its 20th anniversary on Friday 7 September 2006..
3/13	==SS== To reply impertinently or rudely; to answer in a cheeky or rude manner.
4/13	==DB== Talkback.Talkback (production company).Talkback is a British television production company that was established as an independent production company in 1981 by Mel Smith and Griff Rhys Jones..comment Talkback is a British television production company that was established as an independent production company in 1981 by Mel Smith and Griff Rhys Jones..
5/13	==DB== Talkback Classroom.Talkback Classroom is best known as a forum for young people to interview politicians and other leading decision makers in forums recorded for broadcast and is also known as a Voice for the Voteless on the basis of its mission to provide an opportunity for young people to take part in civic dialogue. The forum started as a classroom based project instigated by Alexandra Secondary School teacher Stephen Cutting in 1995 and provided an opportunity for secondary school students to conduct interviews (initially by telephone) with people in the news. The activity proved very popular with students and in 1996 was first heard as a segment on ABC Regional Radio Albury Wodonga via a three way 'hook up' between students in the classroom, the segment guest or interviewee and the radio program host. In 1997 the project became a monthly national forum for senior secondary school students, broadcast on ABCyouth network Triple J produced by Stephen Cutting who had taken up a secondment to ABC Radio. Talkback Classroom ran as a regular segment featuring interviews recorded by student interviewers with leading political figures in Australian politics and other decision makers until 2001 when the segment became a live forum based at the National Museum of Australia and shifted to Radio National as part of the Life Matters program and ABC's digital network Fly TV. From 2001 to 2008 the forum was held at the National Museum of Australia, and involved secondary school students from around Australia interviewing various prominent politicians, business and community leaders on current affairs issues. Guests included two heads of government: John Howard (Australia) and Helen Clark (New Zealand), ministers and shadow ministers and many other decision makers and opinion shapers.comment Talkback Classroom is best known as a forum for young people to interview politicians and other leading decision makers in forums recorded for broadcast and is also known as a Voice for the Voteless on the basis of its mission to provide an opportunity for young people to take part in civic dialogue. The forum started as a classroom based project instigated by Alexandra Secondary School teacher Stephen Cutting in 1995 and provided an opportunity for secondary school students to conduct interviews (initially by telephone) with people in the news. The activity proved very popular with students and in 1996 was first heard as a segment on ABC Regional Radio Albury Wodonga via a three way 'hook up' between students in the classroom, the segment guest or interviewee and the radio program host. I.
6/13	==DB== TalkBack Reader Response System.The TalkBack Reader Response System was one of the first systems used on the Internet to allow people to respond to articles posted on a web site. It was first used at the Jesse Berst's ZDNet Anchordesk news site. It was created by Technical Director Jon C.A. DeKeles..comment The TalkBack Reader Response System was one of the first systems used on the Internet to allow people to respond to articles posted on a web site. It was first used at the Jesse Berst's ZDNet Anchordesk news site. It was created by Technical Director Jon C.A. DeKeles..
7/13	==DB== Talkback Live.Talkback Live was a talk show on CNN that lasted from 1994 until 2003. It aired from 3 to 4 pm Eastern Time and was hosted at various times by Susan Rook, Bobbie Battista, Jeff Hullinger, Karyn Bryant and Arthel Neville. The audience participation show originated from a specially constructed stage in the atrium of the CNN Center. It was canceled in favor of extending Live From for an additional hour..comment Talkback Live was a talk show on CNN that lasted from 1994 until 2003. It aired from 3 to 4 pm Eastern Time and was hosted at various times by Susan Rook, Bobbie Battista, Jeff Hullinger, Karyn Bryant and Arthel Neville. The audience participation show originated from a specially constructed stage in the atrium of the CNN Center. It was canceled in favor of extending Live From for an additional hour..
8/13	==DB== Talkback.Ready / LR039.lastAlbum Arias & Symphonies.nextAlbum Listen To The City.recorded Sounds Interchange, Toronto 1982.Talkback (album).Talkback was the third album by the Burlington, Ontario-based band Spoons. The tracks that got airplay in Canada were "Old Emotions","The Rhythm" and "Talk Back". A video was also produced for "Old Emotions", directed by Rob Quartly. This is the first Spoons album produced by Nile Rodgers. The album was originally released only on vinyl and cassette, but this album was newly released on CD in Canada by Ready Records on 22 January 2010, (RR039). The CD includes the Nile Rodgers produced Singles "Tell No Lies" and "Romantic Traffic", which were recorded after the initial release of the "Talkback" album..comment Talkback was the third album by the Burlington, Ontario-based band Spoons. The tracks that got airplay in Canada were "Old Emotions","The Rhythm" and "Talk Back". A video was also produced for "Old Emotions", directed by Rob Quartly. This is the first Spoons album produced by Nile Rodgers..
9/13	==DB== Talkback with Jerry Galvin.Talkback with Jerry Galvin was a humorous radio talk show that aired first in Cincinnati, Ohio, on WAIF, and later was aired on 66 NPR stations. Tonally, Talkback was a parody of America's traditional call-in radio talk shows of the early 1970's. Such shows in that era were always devoted to serious topics. In 1975 Jerry Galvin began a weekly program that used what he termed a "radio scam" as the show's theme each week. Each weekly show was launched with Galvin telling a stream-of-consciousness, unscripted – often long and rambling – story about something that happened to him or about to happen to the listeners or to the world. The stories were never true. Once the phone lines were opened for comments, two distinct types of callers were heard. Those who got the joke and improvisationally advanced that night's fake story. And those upset or outraged by the story. Unlike its spiritual TV sister Fernwood 2-Night, a mostly scripted show with a crew of writers, Talkback was improvised. (Late Night with David Letterman, a real TV talk show which was finding its footing around the same time, had a similar parodical feel, but was somewhat reined in by its celebrity guest format.) Host Galvin was a Cincinnati ad executive best known for teaming up with Jay Gilbert to create commercials promoting all Cincinnati radio stations with their imaginary Plummet Mall. The Talkback "cast" consisted of several dozen regulars, many of whom would call weekly to play along with whatever phony topic or riff Jerry set up. After the show developed its stable of regular callers, shows would sometimes be built around the regulars themselves interacting, such as on-air wedding ceremonies between them. Tipping his hand and hinting at the show's parodical nature, Jerry often described his clothing as "the same each day: Hush Puppy knockoffs, argyle socks, plaid Bermuda shorts, a Hawaiian shirt, and a pith helmet." Jerry often teased the station where his show originated by referring to WAIF as a station with a signal so weak the best recption was in the parking lot. He also described his most famous screener, Lynn Wendell as "Our Lady in Leather," wearing leather S&M gear (in contrast to most radio talk shows whose official on-air policy was not to mention the screener at all)--a reference to her toughness and tendency to hang up on anyone who didn't have a funny enough idea to keep the show moving. In the 1980s after Talkback received a front page feature in the Wall Street Journal and was also featured on the Today Show, the program was nationally distributed to NPR stations. The name of the show was changed to TalkTalk with Jerry Galvin after producers of a Los Angeles show named Talkback threatened a lawsuit. The program underwent one more name change to "It's Those Stupid Galvins Again," when Jerry's brother Jene joined Jerry for the weekly programs that by then aired on WVXU in Cincinnati. The improvisational, scam-based format remained unchanged throughout the show's more than 30-year run..comment Talkback with Jerry Galvin was a humorous radio talk show that aired first in Cincinnati, Ohio, on WAIF, and later was aired on 66 NPR stations. Tonally, Talkback was a parody of America's traditional call-in radio talk shows of the early 1970's. Such shows in that era were always devoted to serious topics. In 1975 Jerry Galvin began a weekly program that used what he termed a "radio scam" as the show's theme each week. Each weekly show was launched with Galvin telling a stream-of-consciousness, unscripted – often long and rambling – story about something that happened to him or about to happen to the listeners or to the world. The stories were never true. Once the phone lines were opened for comments, two distinct types of callers were heard. Those who got the joke and improvisationally a.
10/13	==DB== Google Talkback.
11/13	==DB== Talkback (recording).In sound recording, talkback refers to the intercom system used in recording studios and production control rooms (PCR) in television studios to enable personnel to communicate with people in the recording area or booth. While the control room can hear the person in the booth over the studio microphones, the person in the booth hears the control room over a PA, monitor speaker, in their headphones or Interruptible feedback (IFB) earpiece. Take numbers, reference data, and sometimes count-ins or remarks are also "stamped" onto recordings through talkback, similar to a clapperboard. The audio quality of talkback systems is usually markedly lower than that of studio microphones and speakers, coming from a simple microphone (which may be omnidirectional or unidirectional) built or plugged into the audio mixer, and with its sound often compressed. Since talkback is usually edited out of master recordings, high fidelity isn't essential, and studios tend to cut budget corners when possible. Compression allows comments from around the control room to be audible. Occasionally instructions and comments from talkback systems do appear in studio recordings, notably in records by The Beach Boys, The Beatles, Spoon, and Bob Dylan. They frequently turn up in bootleg or "sessions" records.u.comment In sound recording, talkback refers to the intercom system used in recording studios and production control rooms (PCR) in television studios to enable personnel to communicate with people in the recording area or booth. While the control room can hear the person in the booth over the studio microphones, the person in the booth hears the control room over a PA, monitor speaker, in their headphones or Interruptible feedback (IFB) earpiece. Take numbers, reference data, and sometimes count-ins or remarks are also "stamped" onto recordings through talkback, similar to a clapperboard..
12/13	==DB== 
13/13	==DB== Talkback Thames.foundation 2003-02-10.defunct 2012-01-01.Talkback Thames.Talkback Thames (stylised as talkbackTHAMES) was a British television production company, a division of FremantleMedia (part of the RTL Group, which in turn is owned by Bertelsmann). It was formed by the merger of Talkback Productions and Thames Television. This merger was arranged in February 2003 and reversed in January 2012. The company also included, as subsidiaries, several other production companies owned by FremantleMedia, including the UK arm of Reg Grundy Productions; comedy specialists Alomo Productions and William G. Stewart's company Regent Productions. The CEO of Talkback Thames was Sara Geater, who took up the post in October 2010, replacing Lorraine Heggessey, who had been CEO of Talkback Thames from 2005 to 2010. She in turn, replaced Peter Fincham, who had been CEO of Talkback from 1986 to 2003 and then of Talkback Thames from 2003. Fincham left to take over Heggessey's previous job as Controller of BBC One..comment Talkback Thames (stylised as talkbackTHAMES) was a British television production company, a division of FremantleMedia (part of the RTL Group, which in turn is owned by Bertelsmann). It was formed by the merger of Talkback Productions and Thames Television. This merger was arranged in February 2003 and reversed in January 2012. The company also included, as subsidiaries, several other production companies owned by FremantleMedia, including the UK arm of Reg Grundy Productions; comedy specialists Alomo Productions and William G. Stewart's company Regent Productions..
===227	throw back	18
1/18	==DB== title Throwback.Throwback (3/3).Throwback is a public artwork by American artist Tony Smith, located at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C., United States. This version is the third of an edition of three in the series with one artist's proof..comment Throwback is a public artwork by American artist Tony Smith, located at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C., United States. This version is the third of an edition of three in the series with one artist's proof..
2/18	==DB== Throwback players.
3/18	==DB== Throwback Entertainment.type Video games.foundation 2006.numEmployees 25.Throwback Entertainment.Throwback Entertainment, based in Toronto, Canada develops, creates and publishes immersive and interactive gaming titles. Throwback Entertainment's unique portfolio of games has accumulated of $3.5 Billion in revenue, sold over 200 million copies and distributed to over 35 countries..comment Throwback Entertainment, based in Toronto, Canada develops, creates and publishes immersive and interactive gaming titles. Throwback Entertainment's unique portfolio of games has accumulated of $3.5 Billion in revenue, sold over 200 million copies and distributed to over 35 countries..
4/18	==DB== The Throwback.The Throwback is a 1978 satirical novel by Tom Sharpe. It has been released as a recorded book in two formats: in an abridged version by HarperCollins Audio read by Simon Callow (ISBN 0001050761) and unabridged by ISIS Audio Books read by Geoffrey Matthews (ISBN 185695692X).comment The Throwback is a 1978 satirical novel by Tom Sharpe. It has been released as a recorded book in two formats: in an abridged version by HarperCollins Audio read by Simon Callow (ISBN 0001050761) and unabridged by ISIS Audio Books read by Geoffrey Matthews (ISBN 185695692X).
5/18	==DB== Throwbacks.producer Michael Wolff and Michael A. Levine.type soundtrack.released 2013-10-15.lastAlbum Black Sheep.Throwbacks (The Naked Brothers Band album).Throwbacks is the final album recorded by Nat & Alex Wolff under the name "The Naked Brothers Band" and the soundtrack to the third and final season of the show of the same name. Under the working title "Songs of Season 3," due to post-production problems, it was originally cancelled, until it was announced on September 19, 2013 to be released as a Nat & Alex Wolff album instead of a Naked Brothers Band album on October 15, 2013, under the title Throwbacks. One song that was recorded for the intended Season 3 soundtrack, "Face in the Hall", which later appeared in the iCarly soundtrack, will not be in the Throwbacks album..comment Throwbacks is the final album recorded by Nat & Alex Wolff under the name "The Naked Brothers Band" and the soundtrack to the third and final season of the show of the same name. Under the working title "Songs of Season 3," due to post-production problems, it was originally cancelled, until it was announced on September 19, 2013 to be released as a Nat & Alex Wolff album instead of a Naked Brothers Band album on October 15, 2013, under the title Throwbacks. One song that was recorded for the intended Season 3 soundtrack, "Face in the Hall", which later appeared in the iCarly soundtrack, will not be in the Throwbacks album..
6/18	==SS== to throw something back (such as a fish that has been caught for sport)
7/18	==DB== Throwback, Vol. 1.producer Boyz II Men and Johnny Wright.MSM / Koch,.length 3054.0.released 2004-08-24.nextAlbum Winter/Reflections.Throwback, Vol. 1.Throwback, Vol. 1 (also known as simply Throwback) is a 2004 covers album by R&B group Boyz II Men, released by Koch Records, and featuring covers of classic R&B songs (hence the album title) from such artists as Teddy Pendergrass, The Isley Brothers and Michael Jackson. The album was their first as a trio, after founding member Michael McCary left the group due to chronic back problems. A rendition of Grandfather's Clock was included on the Taiwanese release as a bonus track..comment Throwback, Vol. 1 (also known as simply Throwback) is a 2004 covers album by R&B group Boyz II Men, released by Koch Records, and featuring covers of classic R&B songs (hence the album title) from such artists as Teddy Pendergrass, The Isley Brothers and Michael Jackson. The album was their first as a trio, after founding member Michael McCary left the group due to chronic back problems. A rendition of Grandfather's Clock was included on the Taiwanese release as a bonus track..
8/18	==DB== The Throwback.distributor Universal Pictures.runtime 3660.0.starring Buck Jones.music David Klatzkin.The Throwback (1935 film).The Throwback is a 1935 American Western film directed by Ray Taylor and written by Frances Guihan. The film stars Buck Jones, Muriel Evans, George "Gabby" Hayes, Bryant Washburn, Eddie Phillips and Paul Fix. The film was released on October 1, 1935, by Universal Pictures..comment The Throwback is a 1935 American Western film directed by Ray Taylor and written by Frances Guihan. The film stars Buck Jones, Muriel Evans, George "Gabby" Hayes, Bryant Washburn, Eddie Phillips and Paul Fix. The film was released on October 1, 1935, by Universal Pictures..
9/18	==DB== Throwback style.
10/18	==DB== The Throwback.The Throwback (film).The Throwback was a proposed Australian feature film shot in 1920 from director Arthur Shirley. It was also known as The Comeback. Although the movie was not completed, eleven minutes of footage from it survive today..comment The Throwback was a proposed Australian feature film shot in 1920 from director Arthur Shirley. It was also known as The Comeback. Although the movie was not completed, eleven minutes of footage from it survive today..
11/18	==DB== Evolutionary throwback.
12/18	==DB== Throwback R&B.
13/18	==DB== league PBL 2008-2009.league ABA 2007.founded 2007.logo ChicagoThrowbacks.PNG.Chicago Throwbacks.The Chicago Throwbacks were a team of the Premier Basketball League that begin play in fall 2007. Their home arena is Attack Athletics on Chicago's West Side. They were originally part of the American Basketball Association for the first part of the 2007–08 season, playing alongside their intra-city rivals the Cicero Cometas USA and the South Chi-Land Infernos. When the Infernos never began play and the Cometas folded, the Throwbacks were left to play several games against exhibition teams that happened to count in the standings. A second chance at stability came when the Chicago Aztecas of the PBL shut down and the PBL needed a replacement team. The Throwbacks took that opportunity and played in the PBL's inaugural season in its Central Division..comment The Chicago Throwbacks were a team of the Premier Basketball League that begin play in fall 2007. Their home arena is Attack Athletics on Chicago's West Side. They were originally part of the American Basketball Association for the first part of the 2007–08 season, playing alongside their intra-city rivals the Cicero Cometas USA and the South Chi-Land Infernos. When the Infernos never began play and the Cometas folded, the Throwbacks were left to play several games against exhibition teams that happened to count in the standings..
14/18	==DB== Throwback uniform.Throwback uniforms, throwback jerseys (AmE) or retro kits (BrE) or heritage guernseys (AuE) are sports uniforms styled to resemble the uniforms that a team wore in the past. One-time or limited-time retro uniforms are sometimes produced to be worn by teams in games, on special occasions such as anniversaries of significant events. Throwback uniforms have proven popular in all major pro and college sports in North America, not only with fans, but with the teams' merchandising departments. Because the "authentic" uniforms (accurate reproductions) and less-authentic "replicas" had been so popular at retail, the professional leagues institutionalized throwbacks as "third jerseys"..comment Throwback uniforms, throwback jerseys (AmE) or retro kits (BrE) or heritage guernseys (AuE) are sports uniforms styled to resemble the uniforms that a team wore in the past. One-time or limited-time retro uniforms are sometimes produced to be worn by teams in games, on special occasions such as anniversaries of significant events..
15/18	==DB== Throwback (drink).
16/18	==DB== title Throwback.Throwback (1/3).Throwback (1/3) is a public artwork by American artist Tony Smith, located in the Marsh & McLennan Companies (MMC) Plaza at 1166 Avenue of the Americas in New York City, New York..comment Throwback (1/3) is a public artwork by American artist Tony Smith, located in the Marsh & McLennan Companies (MMC) Plaza at 1166 Avenue of the Americas in New York City, New York..
17/18	==DB== Throwback Thursday.Throwback Thursday is a trend among social media sites such as Instagram, Twitter and Facebook wherein users post or repost older photographs (often from their childhood) with the hashtag #ThrowbackThursday or #TBT. Sports Illustrated attributes the origin of the trend to a sneaker-specific blog named Nice Kicks. According to SI, this blog began a weekly practice of posting photos of old basketball footwear in 2006, titling the series "Throwback Thursday"..comment Throwback Thursday is a trend among social media sites such as Instagram, Twitter and Facebook wherein users post or repost older photographs (often from their childhood) with the hashtag #ThrowbackThursday or #TBT. Sports Illustrated attributes the origin of the trend to a sneaker-specific blog named Nice Kicks. According to SI, this blog began a weekly practice of posting photos of old basketball footwear in 2006, titling the series "Throwback Thursday"..
18/18	==DB== platforms Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3.released --06-01.released --04-28.Tecmo Bowl Throwback.Tecmo Bowl Throwback is a video game released by Tecmo for the Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade. The PlayStation 3 version was released via the PlayStation Network store on June 1, 2010. The game is an update of the 1993 version of Tecmo Super Bowl..comment Tecmo Bowl Throwback is a video game released by Tecmo for the Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade. The PlayStation 3 version was released via the PlayStation Network store on June 1, 2010. The game is an update of the 1993 version of Tecmo Super Bowl..
===228	throw down	12
1/12	==DB== title Throwdown.season 1.music "You Keep Me Hangin' On".music "Ride wit Me".music "Keep Holding On".music "No Air".music "Hate on Me".airdate 2009-10-14.episode 7.guests * Iqbal Theba as Principal Figgins * Jennifer Aspen as Kendra Giardi * Amy Hill as Dr. Chin * Naya Rivera as Santana Lopez * Heather Morris as Brittany Pierce * Harry Shum, Jr. as Mike Chang * Dijon Talton as Matt Rutherford * Kenneth Choi as Dr. Wu * Josh Sussman as Jacob Ben Israel.Throwdown (Glee)."Throwdown" is the seventh episode of the American television series Glee. The episode premiered on the Fox network on October 14, 2009. It was directed by series creator Ryan Murphy and written by Brad Falchuk. The episode includes a clash between glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) and cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) when she is named co-director of the glee club. As Sue tries to divide the club by turning the students against Will, his wife Terri (Jessalyn Gilsig) blackmails her OB/GYN into colluding with her over her fake pregnancy. The episode features covers of five songs. Studio recordings of four of the songs performed were released as singles, available for digital download, and were also included on the album Glee: The Music, Volume 1. "Throwdown" was watched by 7.65 million US viewers and received mixed reviews from critics. The pregnancy storyline was criticized by both Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly and Shawna Malcom of the Los Angeles Times. Raymund Flandez of The Wall Street Journal was unimpressed by Quinn's solo performance of The Supremes' "You Keep Me Hangin' On", though the group performance of "Keep Holding On" was generally better received by reviewers. Lynch as Sue in particular was widely praised, with Flandez and Zap2it's Liz Pardue both writing that Lynch gave an Emmy-worthy performance..comment "Throwdown" is the seventh episode of the American television series Glee. The episode premiered on the Fox network on October 14, 2009. It was directed by series creator Ryan Murphy and written by Brad Falchuk. The episode includes a clash between glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) and cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) when she is named co-director of the glee club. As Sue tries to divide the club by turning the students against Will, his wife Terri (Jessalyn Gilsig) blackmails her OB/GYN into colluding with her over her fake pregnancy..
2/12	==SS== to produce or perform (something) admirably or forcefully.
3/12	==DB== title UFC: Throwdown.released --06-03.released --07-29.released PlayStation 2.UFC: Throwdown.UFC: Throwdown, known in Japan as UFC: Tapout 2 on the PlayStation 2 and UFC 2 Tapout Final Spec. on the GameCube, is a video game of the fighting game genre released in 2002 by Genki / Capcom Production Studio 3. The game is based on the Ultimate Fighting Championship..comment UFC: Throwdown, known in Japan as UFC: Tapout 2 on the PlayStation 2 and UFC 2 Tapout Final Spec. on the GameCube, is a video game of the fighting game genre released in 2002 by Genki / Capcom Production Studio 3. The game is based on the Ultimate Fighting Championship..
4/12	==DB== The Big Throwdown.producer Gerald Levert & Marc Gordon.producer Craig Cooper.length 2784.0.released 1987-07-01.lastAlbum Bloodline.nextAlbum Just Coolin'.recorded Great Tracks, Cleveland, Ohio.recorded QCA Studio, Cincinnati, Ohio.recorded Madhatter Studios, Los Angeles, California.recorded Encore Studios, Burbank, California.recorded 1986.The Big Throwdown.The Big Throwdown is the third album by Cleveland, Ohio-based R&B group LeVert..comment The Big Throwdown is the third album by Cleveland, Ohio-based R&B group LeVert..
5/12	==DB== The Throwdowns.yearsActive Since 2009.background group_or_band.The Throwdowns.The Throwdowns is an American pop-island-reggae-dance band from Maui, Hawaii, formed in 2009. The band released their first album, entitled Legs Of Our Own, on August 6, 2011. In October 2010, The Throwdowns were nominated for two Na Hoku Hanohano Awards (Hawaiian Grammy's). The nominations were both for the "Don't Slow Down" EP: "ROCK ALBUM OF THE YEAR (Best performance of music in a rock style)" and "DESIGN (Best designed and created album package)". The band's style has been compared to The Clash, the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, No Doubt, and PJ Harvey..comment The Throwdowns is an American pop-island-reggae-dance band from Maui, Hawaii, formed in 2009. The band released their first album, entitled Legs Of Our Own, on August 6, 2011. In October 2010, The Throwdowns were nominated for two Na Hoku Hanohano Awards (Hawaiian Grammy's). The nominations were both for the "Don't Slow Down" EP: "ROCK ALBUM OF THE YEAR (Best performance of music in a rock style)" and "DESIGN (Best designed and created album package)". The band's style has been compared to The Clash, the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, No Doubt, and PJ Harvey..
6/12	==DB== Throwdown.yearsActive 1997.background group_or_band.origin United States.Indecision, Prime Directive, Trustkill, Koch, Nuclear Blast, E1 Music.currentMembers * Dave Peters * Matt Mentley.associatedActs Bleeding Through, Culture, Eighteen Visions, Unashamed.pastMembers * Keith Barney * Tommy Love * Dom Macaluso * Brandan Schieppati * Javier Van Huss * Marc Jackson * Mark Choiniere * Mark Mitchell * Ben Dussault.Throwdown (band).Throwdown is an American straight edge metalcore band from Orange County, California, formed in 1997. They have toured as part of Ozzfest, Sounds of the Underground, Hellfest, and Warped Tour, and with bands such as In Flames, Lamb of God, As I Lay Dying, Killswitch Engage, Korn and Cavalera Conspiracy. The songs "Forever" and "Burn" have been staples on MTV2's Headbanger's Ball and Revolver Magazine called them part of "The Future of Metal" after hearing the album Vendetta. Initially branded a hardcore band, their most recent albums Venom and Tears and Deathless have taken a sharp direction towards metal, with critics likening the band's sound to that of Pantera, Sepultura, and Crowbar..comment Throwdown is an American straight edge metalcore band from Orange County, California, formed in 1997. They have toured as part of Ozzfest, Sounds of the Underground, Hellfest, and Warped Tour, and with bands such as In Flames, Lamb of God, As I Lay Dying, Killswitch Engage, Korn and Cavalera Conspiracy. The songs "Forever" and "Burn" have been staples on MTV2's Headbanger's Ball and Revolver Magazine called them part of "The Future of Metal" after hearing the album Vendetta. Initially branded a hardcore band, their most recent albums Venom and Tears and Deathless have taken a sharp direction towards metal, with critics likening the band's sound to that of Pantera, Sepultura, and Crowbar..
7/12	==DB== Small Town Throwdown.writer Brantley Gilbert.released 2014-05-19.artist Brantley Gilbert featuring Justin Moore and Thomas Rhett.lastSingle "Bottoms Up".nextSingle "One Hell of an Amen".Small Town Throwdown."Small Town Throwdown" is a song co-written and recorded by American country rock artist Brantley Gilbert as a collaboration with Justin Moore and Thomas Rhett. It was released in May 2014 as the second single from his third studio album Just as I Am. The song has sold 417,000 copies in the U.S. as of October 2014..comment "Small Town Throwdown" is a song co-written and recorded by American country rock artist Brantley Gilbert as a collaboration with Justin Moore and Thomas Rhett. It was released in May 2014 as the second single from his third studio album Just as I Am. The song has sold 417,000 copies in the U.S. as of October 2014..
8/12	==DB== Throwdown in Motown.
9/12	==DB== Hoedown Throwdown.filename Miley Cyrus - Hoedown Throwdown.ogg.title "Hoedown Throwdown".description A sample of Cyrus' "Hoedown Throwdown." It is an instructional dance song that incorporates country and hip-hop styles into line dance..length 181.0.released 2009-03-10.lastSingle "The Climb".nextSingle "Party in the U.S.A.".Hoedown Throwdown."Hoedown Throwdown" is a song performed by American recording artist Miley Cyrus. It was released as a single from the soundtrack for Hannah Montana: The Movie. It was then released via iTunes Store on March 10, 2009 as a Radio Disney exclusive that had an interview as a B-side. A karaoke version is available in the soundtrack's karaoke series. "Hoedown Throwdown" is an instructional dance song with a hybrid of country and hip hop. The choreography was designed by Jamal Sims and incorporates line dance influences. The song received mixed critical reception, but enjoyed commercial success and became a top twenty hit in various nations including Australia, Canada, Ireland, Norway, the United Kingdom, and the United States. "Hoedown Throwdown" reached its highest international peak in the Irish Singles Chart, at number ten. The single never received an official music video, but an excerpt from Hannah Montana: The Movie was used for promotion. Cyrus incorporated "Hoedown Throwdown" into the set list of her first worldwide concert tour, the Wonder World Tour..comment "Hoedown Throwdown" is a song performed by American recording artist Miley Cyrus. It was released as a single from the soundtrack for Hannah Montana: The Movie. It was then released via iTunes Store on March 10, 2009 as a Radio Disney exclusive that had an interview as a B-side. A karaoke version is available in the soundtrack's karaoke series. "Hoedown Throwdown" is an instructional dance song with a hybrid of country and hip hop. The choreography was designed by Jamal Sims and incorporates line dance influences..
10/12	==SS== to cause something one is holding to drop, often forcefully.''The soldiers '''threw down''' their weapons and surrendered.'' 
11/12	==DB== Throwdown Thursday.
12/12	==DB== runtime 1800.0.showName Throwdown! with Bobby Flay.numEpisodes 92.firstAired 2006-07-13.lastAired 2010-03-10.Throwdown! with Bobby Flay.Throwdown! with Bobby Flay is a Food Network television program in which celebrity chef Bobby Flay challenges cooks renowned for a specific dish or type of cooking to a cook-off of their signature dish. At the beginning of each show, Flay receives – via bicycle messenger – a package detailing the chef he is to compete against as well as the dish. Examples of opponents include a skilled chili maker or a famous wedding cake designer. After practicing and preparing the item in question, Flay shows up for a surprise competition (or "Throwdown"). During the competition, both chefs prepare their particular version of the dish, and both are then evaluated by local judges to determine a winner..comment Throwdown! with Bobby Flay is a Food Network television program in which celebrity chef Bobby Flay challenges cooks renowned for a specific dish or type of cooking to a cook-off of their signature dish..
===229	throw in	4
1/4	==DB== Throw-in.A throw-in is a method of restarting play in a game of association football (or soccer) when the ball has exited the side of the field of play..comment A throw-in is a method of restarting play in a game of association football (or soccer) when the ball has exited the side of the field of play..
2/4	==DB== title Throw In.Throw In.Throw In is a soccergame series which is a PC remake in 3D of the game Kick off 2. The project was originally started by Gianluca Troiano in cooperation with the Kick Off Association as a remake to the classic Amiga football game Kick Off 2. Several beta versions were released during the first decade of the 21st century and Dino Dini, the programmer behind the Kick Off series praised the result. In December 2011 The developer announced that they were working on a new game under the working title Throw In 2nd Half. In October 2012 The Fox Software announced that the name of the game would be Active Soccer and that it was released at first for iOS, Android, Windows and Mac OS..comment Throw In is a soccergame series which is a PC remake in 3D of the game Kick off 2. The project was originally started by Gianluca Troiano in cooperation with the Kick Off Association as a remake to the classic Amiga football game Kick Off 2. Several beta versions were released during the first decade of the 21st century and Dino Dini, the programmer behind the Kick Off series praised the result..
3/4	==SS== 
4/4	==SS== To add something extra free of charge.''If you take the large size, we'll '''throw in''' a set of tea towels.'' 
===230	tighten up	6
1/6	==DB== Tighten Up.(SC 8181).recorded (Houston, Texas).recorded Jones Sound Recording Studio.Tighten Up (Archie Bell & the Drells album).Tighten Up is an album by American funk band Archie Bell & the Drells, released under Atlantic in 1968. The design of the album cover was by Loring Eutemey. instrumental backing provided by the T.S.U Tornadoes. members included Cal Thomas and Will Thomas on guitar, Jerry Jenkins on bass, Robert Sanders on organ, Dwight Burns on drums, Darryl Bursby on sax, Clarence Harper on trumpet, and Leroy Lewis and Nelson Mills on horns..comment Tighten Up is an album by American funk band Archie Bell & the Drells, released under Atlantic in 1968. The design of the album cover was by Loring Eutemey. instrumental backing provided by the T.S.U Tornadoes. members included Cal Thomas and Will Thomas on guitar, Jerry Jenkins on bass, Robert Sanders on organ, Dwight Burns on drums, Darryl Bursby on sax, Clarence Harper on trumpet, and Leroy Lewis and Nelson Mills on horns..
2/6	==DB== Tighten Up.producer Johnny Marr.producer Bernard Sumner,.Warner Bros..lastSingle "Get the Message".nextSingle "Feel Every Beat".Tighten Up (Electronic song)."Tighten Up" is a song by the English band Electronic. Written, performed and produced by its two members Bernard Sumner and Johnny Marr, it appeared as the third track on their debut album Electronic in May 1991 and was also a promotional single in the United States five weeks later. Donald Johnson from A Certain Ratio contributed drums to the song. Combining electric guitars with a bouncy synthesiser riff, "Tighten Up" is representative of the Electronic album. When issued as a promo in the USA it reached #6 on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart. "Feel Every Beat" would become the next physical single release worldwide. The single edit is one minute shorter than the album version; the opening bars and the instrumental section are both edited. The song also fades out on a loop whereas the original has a hard ending..comment "Tighten Up" is a song by the English band Electronic. Written, performed and produced by its two members Bernard Sumner and Johnny Marr, it appeared as the third track on their debut album Electronic in May 1991 and was also a promotional single in the United States five weeks later. Donald Johnson from A Certain Ratio contributed drums to the song. The single edit is one minute shorter than the album version; the opening bars and the instrumental section are both edited. The song also fades out on a loop whereas the original has a hard ending..
3/6	==DB== Tighten Up, Vol. 88.length 2769.0.lastAlbum No. 10, Upping St..nextAlbum Megatop Phoenix.Tighten Up Vol. 88.Tighten Up, Vol. 88 is the third album by Big Audio Dynamite, recorded, mixed and released at the Beethoven St. Studios in West London in early 1988 (see 1988 in music). The album derives its name from Tighten Up compilation series by Trojan Records. Album cover was designed by Paul Simonon, former bassist of The Clash and Mick Jones' bandmate. Back sleeve photograph by Dan Donovan and Josh Cheuse. Inner illustration by Kiely Jenkins. Artwork by D.D. & Designlines..comment Tighten Up, Vol. 88 is the third album by Big Audio Dynamite, recorded, mixed and released at the Beethoven St. Studios in West London in early 1988 (see 1988 in music). The album derives its name from Tighten Up compilation series by Trojan Records. Album cover was designed by Paul Simonon, former bassist of The Clash and Mick Jones' bandmate. Back sleeve photograph by Dan Donovan and Josh Cheuse. Inner illustration by Kiely Jenkins. Artwork by D.D. & Designlines..
4/6	==DB== Tighten Up.genre *.writer *.length 214.0.format *.bSide "Howlin' for You".certification Gold.lastSingle "Same Old Thing".aSide "Tighten Up".Tighten Up (The Black Keys song)."Tighten Up" is a song by American rock band The Black Keys. It is the third track on their 2010 album Brothers and was released as the record's first single on April 23, 2010. Dan Auerbach told The Sun how the song originated: "That was the last song we did for the record. We had a couple of days off and so did Brian (Danger Mouse) and since we are friends and like hanging out with each other we thought it would be fun to go into the studio and see if we could come up with a tune. We always have a blast when the three of us get together." The song has become one of the most successful Black Keys singles in the United States, being their first song to chart on the Billboard Hot 100 and reaching number one on the Alternative Songs and Rock Songs charts. Rolling Stone put the song on its list of the 15 Best Whistling Songs of All Time. At the 53rd Grammy Awards in 2011, the song won Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal, while also receiving a nomination for Best Rock Song. Musically, the song is in the key of F sharp minor..comment "Tighten Up" is a song by American rock band The Black Keys. It is the third track on their 2010 album Brothers and was released as the record's first single on April 23, 2010. Dan Auerbach told The Sun how the song originated: "That was the last song we did for the record. We had a couple of days off and so did Brian (Danger Mouse) and since we are friends and like hanging out with each other we thought it would be fun to go into the studio and see if we could come up with a tune. We always have a blast when the three of us get together.".
5/6	==DB== Tighten Up.writer Archie Bell, Billy Buttier.Atlantic 2478.length 195.0.format 12.0.fromAlbum "Tighten Up".Tighten Up (Archie Bell & the Drells song)."Tighten Up" is a 1968 song by Houston, Texas–based R&B vocal group Archie Bell & the Drells. It reached #1 on both the Billboard R&B and pop charts in the spring of 1968. It is ranked #265 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time and is one of the earliest funk hits in music history..comment "Tighten Up" is a 1968 song by Houston, Texas–based R&B vocal group Archie Bell & the Drells. It reached #1 on both the Billboard R&B and pop charts in the spring of 1968. It is ranked #265 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time and is one of the earliest funk hits in music history..
6/6	==SS== To make sufficiently tight.
===231	time out	10
1/10	==DB== Golpe de Estadio.runtime 6300.0.starring Álvaro Rodríguez.starring César Mora.starring Julián Román.starring Juana Acosta.starring Nicolás Montero.released 1998-12-25.Time Out (1998 film).Time Out (Spanish: Golpe de estadio) is a 1998 Colombian film directed by Sergio Cabrera. It was an international co-production between Italy, Spain and Colombia. It was Colombia's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards, but did not manage to receive a nomination..comment Time Out (Spanish: Golpe de estadio) is a 1998 Colombian film directed by Sergio Cabrera. It was an international co-production between Italy, Spain and Colombia. It was Colombia's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards, but did not manage to receive a nomination..
2/10	==DB== Time Out with Britney Spears.length 3180.0.released 1999-11-23.nextAlbum Britney Spears: Live and More!.Time Out with Britney Spears.Time Out with Britney Spears (stylized as time out with britney spears) is the first video album by American recording artist Britney Spears..comment Time Out with Britney Spears (stylized as time out with britney spears) is the first video album by American recording artist Britney Spears..
3/10	==DB== title Time Out magazine.founder Tony Elliott.imageSize 200.circulation 6500000.based London, England.logo File:Time Out London Magazine free publication launch cover.jpg.editorTitle Editor-in-chief, London.editorTitle Deputy editor, London.editorTitle Editor, New York.Time Out (magazine).Time Out is a magazine published by Time Out Digital Ltd. Created in 1968, the London-based publication has expanded its editorial recommendations to 107 cities worldwide, across 39 countries, with a monthly audience of 40 million readers across content distribution platforms including mobile, website, magazine and events. In 2012, the magazine became a free publication with a weekly readership of over 307,000. In addition to print, the Time Out London website has seven million unique users and one million page views per day. Time Out's global market presence includes partnerships with Nokia and mobile apps for iOS and Android operating systems. It was the recipient of the International Consumer Magazine of the Year award in both 2010 and 2011 and the renamed International Consumer Media Brand of the Year in 2013 and 2014..comment Time Out is a magazine published by Time Out Digital Ltd. Created in 1968, the London-based publication has expanded its editorial recommendations to 107 cities worldwide, across 39 countries, with a monthly audience of 40 million readers across content distribution platforms including mobile, website, magazine and events. In 2012, the magazine became a free publication with a weekly readership of over 307,000. In addition to print, the Time Out London website has seven million unique users and one million page views per day. Time Out's global market presence includes partnerships with Nokia and mobile apps for iOS and Android operating systems. It was the recipient of the International Consumer Magazine of the Year award in both 2010 and 2011 and the renamed International Consumer Media B.
4/10	==DB== Time Out for Smokey Robinson & the Miracles.(TS 295).length 2198.0.released 1969-07-10.lastAlbum Live!.nextAlbum Four in Blue.Time Out for Smokey Robinson & The Miracles.Time Out for Smokey Robinson & the Miracles is a 1969 album by Motown group The Miracles. It reached #25 on the Billboard Pop Album chart, and contains four pop top 40 singles: "Doggone Right", "Abraham, Martin & John", "Here I Go Again" and the top ten pop smash hit "Baby, Baby Don't Cry". Time Out also features covers of Motown songs such as "For Once in My Life" and the Robinson-penned songs "My Girl" and "The Composer". Miracles members Marv Tarplin, Pete Moore and Ronnie White were also co-writers on several of the album's tracks, along with Motown staff songwriters Al Cleveland, Ron Miller and Terry Johnson. Miracle Pete Moore also co-produced two of the album's tracks, a prelude to his later production of the Miracles' massively successful platinum-selling City of Angels album of a few years later. The Miracles' Time Out album was originally released on CD in 1986, and again in 2001 coupled with their album, Four in Blue..comment Time Out for Smokey Robinson & the Miracles is a 1969 album by Motown group The Miracles. It reached #25 on the Billboard Pop Album chart, and contains four pop top 40 singles: "Doggone Right", "Abraham, Martin & John", "Here I Go Again" and the top ten pop smash hit "Baby, Baby Don't Cry". Time Out also features covers of Motown songs such as "For Once in My Life" and the Robinson-penned songs "My Girl" and "The Composer". Miracles members Marv Tarplin, Pete Moore and Ronnie White were also co-writers on several of the album's tracks, along with Motown staff songwriters Al Cleveland, Ron Miller and Terry Johnson. Miracle Pete Moore also co-produced two of the album's tracks, a prelude to his later production of the Miracles' massively successful platinum-selling City of Angels album of a .
5/10	==SS== To call for a time-out.
6/10	==DB== Time Out (chocolate bar).Time Out was a brand of chocolate bar currently manufactured by Cadbury Ireland. It was introduced in the United Kingdom and Ireland in 1992, followed by Australia and New Zealand in 1995. Mainly sold in pairs, it consists of a ripple of milk chocolate between two wafers, smothered in Dairy Milk milk chocolate. The bar was originally sold under the slogan "the wafer break with a layer of Flake"..comment Time Out was a brand of chocolate bar currently manufactured by Cadbury Ireland. It was introduced in the United Kingdom and Ireland in 1992, followed by Australia and New Zealand in 1995. Mainly sold in pairs, it consists of a ripple of milk chocolate between two wafers, smothered in Dairy Milk milk chocolate. The bar was originally sold under the slogan "the wafer break with a layer of Flake"..
7/10	==SS== 
8/10	==DB== Time Out.released 1959-12-14.nextAlbum Bernstein Plays Brubeck Plays Bernstein.recorded --06-25.Time Out (album).Time Out is an album by the American jazz group the Dave Brubeck Quartet, released in 1959 on Columbia Records. Recorded at Columbia's 30th Street Studio in New York City, it is based upon the use of time signatures that were unusual for jazz such as 9/8, 6/4, and 5/4. The album is a subtle blend of cool and West Coast jazz. It peaked at #2 on the Billboard pop albums chart, and has been certified platinum by the RIAA..comment Time Out is an album by the American jazz group the Dave Brubeck Quartet, released in 1959 on Columbia Records. Recorded at Columbia's 30th Street Studio in New York City, it is based upon the use of time signatures that were unusual for jazz such as 9/8, 6/4, and 5/4. The album is a subtle blend of cool and West Coast jazz. It peaked at #2 on the Billboard pop albums chart, and has been certified platinum by the RIAA..
9/10	==SS== to end (an incomplete task) after a time limit
10/10	==DB== Time Out.writer Laurent Cantet.runtime 8040.0.language French.budget 2600000.0.gross 2100000.0.Time Out (2001 film).Time Out (French: L'Emploi du temps) is a 2001 French drama film directed by Laurent Cantet and starring Aurélien Recoing and Karin Viard. The film is loosely based on the life story of Jean-Claude Romand (though without the criminal element), and it focuses on one of Cantet's favorite subjects: a man's relationship with his job. The film received considerable attention internationally and was shown at the Venice Film Festival and Toronto International Film Festival. It was one of the independent films to be featured at the New York Film Festival..comment Time Out (French: L'Emploi du temps) is a 2001 French drama film directed by Laurent Cantet and starring Aurélien Recoing and Karin Viard. The film is loosely based on the life story of Jean-Claude Romand (though without the criminal element), and it focuses on one of Cantet's favorite subjects: a man's relationship with his job. The film received considerable attention internationally and was shown at the Venice Film Festival and Toronto International Film Festival. It was one of the independent films to be featured at the New York Film Festival..
===232	top down	2
1/2	==DB== Top Down.producer Swizz Beatz.writer Kasseem Dean, Roger Hatcher, Major Lance, Eric McCaine.length 188.0.length 202.0.released 2007-05-29.format 12.0.lastSingle "Set It Off".nextSingle "Blow Ya Mind".Top Down."Top Down" is a song by American hip hop record producer and recording artist Swizz Beatz. Featured as the eighth track on his debut studio album One Man Band Man. "Top Down" contains samples of swirls and riotous bursts of 1970s-soul horns from "Girl, Come on Home" by Major Lance..comment "Top Down" is a song by American hip hop record producer and recording artist Swizz Beatz. Featured as the eighth track on his debut studio album One Man Band Man. "Top Down" contains samples of swirls and riotous bursts of 1970s-soul horns from "Girl, Come on Home" by Major Lance..
2/2	==DB== Top-down and bottom-up design.Top-down and bottom-up are both strategies of information processing and knowledge ordering, used in a variety of fields including software, humanistic and scientific theories (see systemics), and management and organization. In practice, they can be seen as a style of thinking, teaching, or leadership. A top-down approach (also known as stepwise design and in some cases used as a synonym of decomposition) is essentially the breaking down of a system to gain insight into its compositional sub-systems in a reverse engineering fashion. In a top-down approach an overview of the system is formulated, specifying, but not detailing, any first-level subsystems. Each subsystem is then refined in yet greater detail, sometimes in many additional subsystem levels, until the entire specification is reduced to base elements. A top-down model is often specified with the assistance of "black boxes", which makes it easier to manipulate. However, black boxes may fail to elucidate elementary mechanisms or be detailed enough to realistically validate the model. Top down approach starts with the big picture. It breaks down from there into smaller segments. A bottom-up approach is the piecing together of systems to give rise to more complex systems, thus making the original systems sub-systems of the emergent system. Bottom-up processing is a type of information processing based on incoming data from the environment to form a perception. From a Cognitive Psychology perspective, information enters the eyes in one direction (sensory input, or the "bottom"), and is then turned into an image by the brain that can be interpreted and recognized as a perception (output that is "built up" from processing to final cognition). In a bottom-up approach the individual base elements of the system are first specified in great detail. These elements are then linked together to form larger subsystems, which then in turn are linked, sometimes in many levels, until a complete top-level system is formed. This strategy often resembles a "seed" model, by which the beginnings are small but eventually grow in complexity and completeness. However, "organic strategies" may result in a tangle of elements and subsystems, developed in isolation and subject to local optimization as opposed to meeting a global purpose..comment Top-down and bottom-up are both strategies of information processing and knowledge ordering, used in a variety of fields including software, humanistic and scientific theories (see systemics), and management and organization. In practice, they can be seen as a style of thinking, teaching, or leadership..
===233	touch down	3
1/3	==SS== To land an aircraft or spacecraft.''The plane will '''touch down''' in Heathrow at about 2 o'clock''. 
2/3	==DB== Touchdown.A touchdown is a means of scoring in both American and Canadian football. Whether running, passing, returning a kickoff or punt, or recovering a turnover, a team scores a touchdown by advancing the ball into the opponent's end zone..comment A touchdown is a means of scoring in both American and Canadian football. Whether running, passing, returning a kickoff or punt, or recovering a turnover, a team scores a touchdown by advancing the ball into the opponent's end zone..
3/3	==DB== Summer Trip.writer Koda Kumi.length 4244.0.released --07-31.lastSingle "Koishikute".nextSingle "Dreaming Now!".Summer Trip."Summer Trip" is the fifty-fifth single by singer-songwriter Koda Kumi and is her first summer single in nearly two years (her last being 4 TIMES). The single was a double A-side and contained one b-side. It debuted at #7 on Oricon Daily, losing out to CNBLUE's lady and DAIGO's Itsumo Dakishimete/Mugen∞REBIRTH. It managed to break into #5 on the second day of release, giving the single the weekly charting at #6.,.comment "Summer Trip" is the fifty-fifth single by singer-songwriter Koda Kumi and is her first summer single in nearly two years (her last being 4 TIMES). The single was a double A-side and contained one b-side. It debuted at #7 on Oricon Daily, losing out to CNBLUE's lady and DAIGO's Itsumo Dakishimete/Mugen∞REBIRTH. It managed to break into #5 on the second day of release, giving the single the weekly charting at #6.,.
===234	tune in	3
1/3	==DB== TuneIn.keyPeople John Donham.numEmployees 100.TuneIn.TuneIn is a privately held company based in San Francisco, California founded by Bill Moore as RadioTime in Dallas, Texas in 2002. TuneIn has over 100,000 broadcast radio stations and four million on-demand programs and podcasts from around the world. In May 2014, TuneIn announced that its service had over 50 million monthly active users. TuneIn is available for the web at TuneIn.com, for a suite of mobile apps: iOS, Android, BlackBerry, Samsung, Windows Phone, and on over 200 connected devices. TuneIn raised over $47 million in venture funding from Institutional Venture Partners, Sequoia Capital, Google Ventures, General Catalyst Partners, and Icon Ventures..comment TuneIn is a privately held company based in San Francisco, California founded by Bill Moore as RadioTime in Dallas, Texas in 2002. TuneIn has over 100,000 broadcast radio stations and four million on-demand programs and podcasts from around the world. In May 2014, TuneIn announced that its service had over 50 million monthly active users. TuneIn is available for the web at TuneIn.com, for a suite of mobile apps: iOS, Android, BlackBerry, Samsung, Windows Phone, and on over 200 connected devices. TuneIn raised over $47 million in venture funding from Institutional Venture Partners, Sequoia Capital, Google Ventures, General Catalyst Partners, and Icon Ventures..
2/3	==SS== To select a channel, station, etc., as on television or radio.
3/3	==DB== Tuner (radio).A tuner is a subsystem that receives radio frequency (RF) transmissions like radio broadcasts and converts the selected carrier frequency and its associated bandwidth into a fixed frequency that is suitable for further processing, usually because a lower frequency is used on the output. Broadcast FM/AM transmissions usually feed this intermediate frequency (IF) directly into a demodulator that convert the radio signal into audio-frequency signals that can be fed into an amplifier to drive a loudspeaker. More complex transmissions like PAL/NTSC (TV), DAB (digital radio), DVB-T/DVB-S/DVB-C (digital TV) etc. use a wider frequency bandwidth, often with several subcarriers. These are transmitted inside the receiver as an intermediate frequency (IF). The next step is usually either to process subcarriers like real radio transmissions or to sample the whole bandwidth with A/D at a rate faster than the nyquist rate that is at least 2 times the IF frequency. The tuner can also refer to a radio receiver or standalone audio component that are part of an audio system, to be connected to a separate amplifier. The verb tuning in radio contexts means adjusting the radio receiver to receive the desired radio signal carrier frequency that a particular radio station uses..comment A tuner is a subsystem that receives radio frequency (RF) transmissions like radio broadcasts and converts the selected carrier frequency and its associated bandwidth into a fixed frequency that is suitable for further processing, usually because a lower frequency is used on the output. Broadcast FM/AM transmissions usually feed this intermediate frequency (IF) directly into a demodulator that convert the radio signal into audio-frequency signals that can be fed into an amplifier to drive a loudspeaker..
===235	turn around	10
1/10	==DB== Turn Around (Samantha Jade song).
2/10	==DB== Turn Around.producer Drew and Shannon & Jonny Lang.length 3303.0.released 2006-09-19.lastAlbum Long Time Coming.Turn Around (album).Turn Around is the fifth studio album by American blues guitarist Jonny Lang, released on September 19, 2006 (see 2006 in music). On February 11, 2007, it won the Grammy Award for Best Rock or Rap Gospel Album. From Amazon.com: "With this album I want to focus, more than ever before, on my purpose in life," he explains. "I've been so incredibly blessed. My wife and I just had our fifth anniversary. I get to do what I love for a living. But it wasn't so long ago that I was spiraling downward in a lot of ways, until God touched my life and set me on the right track. I feel a huge debt to give glory back to Him for everything He has done for me. It's the least I can do." That said, Turn Around is not slotted only to listeners who have - or have not - undergone this kind of transformation. It inspires, excites, and gets people on their feet - but it doesn't preach. "I understand that not everybody believes as I do," Lang says, "which is fine. I just want to sing about what's going on in my life and let people make up their own minds about that." For all the conviction that Lang brings to Turn Around, the album began almost as an afterthought. Lang was in the studio one day with his producer, Ron Fair, who is also president of A&M/Interscope Records. There wasn't anything pressing on the agenda; they were doing routine work on the final stages of Lang's previous record, Long Time Coming. Then, out of the blue, Fair said something completely unexpected. "He looks at me and goes, `Dude, you need to make a gospel record,'" Lang says, laughing at the recollection. "Now, I hadn't really mentioned much to Ron about that side of my life, but for some reason he knew where I was at. So I thought about it for just a second and said, `Yes, I do.'".comment Turn Around is the fifth studio album by American blues guitarist Jonny Lang, released on September 19, 2006 (see 2006 in music). On February 11, 2007, it won the Grammy Award for Best Rock or Rap Gospel Album. From Amazon.com: "He looks at me and goes, `Dude, you need to make a gospel record,'" Lang says, laughing at the recollection. "Now, I hadn't really mentioned much to Ron about that side of my life, but for some reason he knew where I was at. So I thought about it for just a second and said, `Yes, I do.'".
3/10	==DB== Turn Around.writer Mauro Malavasi, David Romani, Wayne Garfield, Toney Lee, Eric Matthew.Sony, Multiply.length 213.0.released 1999-01-01.format 12.0.nextSingle "Feel Good".Turn Around (Phats & Small song)."Turn Around" is a song by British dance duo Phats & Small, featuring vocals from British-Nigerian singer Ben Ofoedu. The song samples Toney Lee's "Reach Up"(Acapella) and Change's "The Glow of Love". It was released on 1 January 1999 and reached number two on the UK Singles Chart..comment "Turn Around" is a song by British dance duo Phats & Small, featuring vocals from British-Nigerian singer Ben Ofoedu. The song samples Toney Lee's "Reach Up"(Acapella) and Change's "The Glow of Love". It was released on 1 January 1999 and reached number two on the UK Singles Chart..
4/10	==DB== Si demain....writer Jim Steinman, Emmanuel Pribys.Sony Music, SME.length 234.0.length 250.0.released --12-19.released 2004-01-19.artist and Kareen Antonn.certification Platinum.nextSingle "Si tout s'arrête (It' a Heartache)".Si demain... (Turn Around)."Si demain... (Turn Around)" is a 2003 bilingual song recorded by Bonnie Tyler and Kareen Antonn, composed by Jim Steinman and re-written in French by Emmanuel Pribys. As the lead single from Tyler's album Simply Believe, the song became a huge hit in France, where it topped the chart for three months, and in other French-speaking European countries. It also helped launch the career of French singer Kareen Antonn. The music video finds Tyler taking Antonn in after a breakup. The song was well received by music critics, who regarded the success of the single as Bonnie Tyler's comeback. "Si demain... (Turn Around)" was certified Platinum in France and Belgium in 2004..comment "Si demain... (Turn Around)" is a 2003 bilingual song recorded by Bonnie Tyler and Kareen Antonn, composed by Jim Steinman and re-written in French by Emmanuel Pribys. As the lead single from Tyler's album Simply Believe, the song became a huge hit in France, where it topped the chart for three months, and in other French-speaking European countries. It also helped launch the career of French singer Kareen Antonn. The music video finds Tyler taking Antonn in after a breakup..
5/10	==DB== Turn Around.writer Shaffer Smith, Benjamin Levin, Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen.length 232.0.released 2012-10-11.artist Conor Maynard featuring Ne-Yo.lastSingle "Vegas Girl".nextSingle "Animal".Turn Around (Conor Maynard song)."Turn Around" is a song by British singer Conor Maynard from his debut studio album, Contrast. The song features vocals from American singer Ne-Yo. It was released as the album's third single as a digital download on 11 October 2012. The song was produced by Stargate and Benny Blanco, who also co-wrote it with Ne-Yo. This is another collaboration between StarGate and Benny Blanco, following such songs as Wiz Khalifa's "Work Hard, Play Hard" and Rihanna's "Diamonds"..comment "Turn Around" is a song by British singer Conor Maynard from his debut studio album, Contrast. The song features vocals from American singer Ne-Yo. It was released as the album's third single as a digital download on 11 October 2012. The song was produced by Stargate and Benny Blanco, who also co-wrote it with Ne-Yo. This is another collaboration between StarGate and Benny Blanco, following such songs as Wiz Khalifa's "Work Hard, Play Hard" and Rihanna's "Diamonds"..
6/10	==SS== To physically rotate horizontally 360 degrees.{{ux|en|'''Turn around''' once or twice so I can see your new dress.}} 
7/10	==SS== 
8/10	==DB== Turn Around.writer Tramar Dillard, Justin Franks, Priscilla Polete, Xplicit, Olle Cornéer, Stefan Engblom, George Kranz, Boris Blank, Dieter Meier.released 2010-11-08.recorded Paramount Studios.lastSingle "Higher".nextSingle "Who Dat Girl".Turn Around (5, 4, 3, 2, 1)."Turn Around (5, 4, 3, 2, 1)" is a song by American rapper Flo Rida from his third studio album, Only One Flo (Part 1). It was released as the second single on 8 November 2010 in the United States. The song contains samples of "Din Daa Daa" by German dance singer George Kranz, and "Oh Yeah" by Swiss electronica band Yello. It debuted at number 98 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was featured prominently in the closing credits of The Hangover 2. It was the second such use of a Flo Rida song in the closing credits of a film from "The Hangover" franchise—the first was "Right Round", which also featured DJ Frank E and was used in the closing credits of The Hangover..comment "Turn Around (5, 4, 3, 2, 1)" is a song by American rapper Flo Rida from his third studio album, Only One Flo (Part 1). It was released as the second single on 8 November 2010 in the United States. The song contains samples of "Din Daa Daa" by German dance singer George Kranz, and "Oh Yeah" by Swiss electronica band Yello. It debuted at number 98 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was featured prominently in the closing credits of The Hangover 2. It was the second such use of a Flo Rida song in the closing credits of a film from "The Hangover" franchise—the first was "Right Round", which also featured DJ Frank E and was used in the closing credits of The Hangover..
9/10	==DB== Turn Around.writer Cretu, Jens Gad.length 233.0.released 2001-09-17.lastSingle "Push the Limits".nextSingle "Voyageur".Turn Around (Enigma song)."Turn Around" is a 2001 song created by the musical project, Enigma. The single was the only one which was released from the compilation album, Love Sensuality Devotion: The Greatest Hits..comment "Turn Around" is a 2001 song created by the musical project, Enigma. The single was the only one which was released from the compilation album, Love Sensuality Devotion: The Greatest Hits..
10/10	==DB== Turn Around.producer Don Ralke, The Wilder Brothers.writer Malvina Reynolds, Alan Greene, Harry Belafonte.released --11-13.released November 1963( ).bSide "Don't Leave Me".Turn Around (Dick and Dee Dee song)."Turn Around" is a song written by Malvina Reynolds, Alan Greene, and Harry Belafonte and made popular by Dick and Dee Dee. It reached #15 on the adult contemporary chart and #27 on the Billboard chart in 1963. The song was also released in the United Kingdom as a single, but it did not chart. The song was featured on their 1964 album, Turn Around. The song was produced by Don Ralke and The Wilder Brothers..comment "Turn Around" is a song written by Malvina Reynolds, Alan Greene, and Harry Belafonte and made popular by Dick and Dee Dee. It reached #15 on the adult contemporary chart and #27 on the Billboard chart in 1963. The song was also released in the United Kingdom as a single, but it did not chart. The song was featured on their 1964 album, Turn Around. The song was produced by Don Ralke and The Wilder Brothers..
===236	turn on	3
1/3	==DB== Turn on.producer Maurice White, Rhett Lawrence.writer Maurice White, Rhett Lawrence and Martin Page.length 255.0.format 12.0.bSide "Turn On ".lastSingle "Touch the World".nextSingle "Heritage".Turn on (The Beat Box)."Turn On (The Beat Box)" is a single by R&B/funk band Earth, Wind & Fire that was written by Maurice White, Rhett Lawrence and Martin Page. Featured on the Caddyshack II soundtrack, and later released on their compilation album The Best of Earth, Wind & Fire, Vol. 2, it rose to 26 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart..comment "Turn On (The Beat Box)" is a single by R&B/funk band Earth, Wind & Fire that was written by Maurice White, Rhett Lawrence and Martin Page. Featured on the Caddyshack II soundtrack, and later released on their compilation album The Best of Earth, Wind & Fire, Vol. 2, it rose to 26 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart..
2/3	==DB== Turn on, tune in, drop out."Turn on, tune in, drop out" is a counterculture-era phrase popularized by Timothy Leary in 1966. In 1967 Leary spoke at the Human Be-In, a gathering of 30,000 hippies in Golden Gate Park in San Francisco and phrased the famous words, "Turn on, tune in, drop out". It was also the title of his spoken word album Turn On, Tune In, Drop Out recorded in 1966. On this lengthy album one can hear Leary speaking in a monotone, soft-spoken voice on his views about the world and humanity and describing nature, Indian symbols, "the meaning of inner life", the LSD experience, peace and many other issues. In a 1988 interview with Neil Strauss, Leary stated that slogan was "given to him" by Marshall McLuhan during a lunch in New York City. Leary added that McLuhan "was very much interested in ideas and marketing, and he started singing something like, 'Psychedelics hit the spot / Five hundred micrograms, that's a lot,' to the tune of a Pepsi commercial of the time. Then he started going, 'Tune in, turn on, and drop out. The phrase was used by Leary in a speech he delivered at the opening of a press conference in New York City on September 19, 1966. It urged people to embrace cultural changes through the use of psychedelics by detaching themselves from the existing conventions and hierarchies in society. It was also the motto of his League for Spiritual Discovery. The phrase was derided by more conservative critics. In his speech, Leary stated: Like every great religion of the past we seek to find the divinity within and to express this revelation in a life of glorification and the worship of God. These ancient goals we define in the metaphor of the present — turn on, tune in, drop out. Leary later explained in his 1983 autobiography Flashbacks: "Turn on" meant go within to activate your neural and genetic equipment. Become sensitive to the many and various levels of consciousness and the specific triggers that engage them. Drugs were one way to accomplish this end. "Tune in" meant interact harmoniously with the world around you - externalize, materialize, express your new internal perspectives. "Drop out" suggested an active, selective, graceful process of detachment from involuntary or unconscious commitments. "Drop Out" meant self-reliance, a discovery of one's singularity, a commitment to mobility, choice, and change. Unhappily my explanations of this sequence of personal development were often misinterpreted to mean "Get stoned and abandon all constructive activity". Turn on, tune in, drop out is also the title of a book (ISBN 1-57951-009-4) of essays by Timothy Leary, covering topics ranging from religion, education, and politics to Aldous Huxley, neurology, and psychedelic drugs. Leary later (during the February 1967 salon known as the Houseboat Summit) announced his agreement with a new ordering of the phrase as he said, "I would agree to change the slogan to 'Drop out. Turn on. Drop in.'" During his last decade, Leary proclaimed that the "PC is the LSD of the 1990s" — "turn on, boot up, jack in" reworked the existing phrase to suggest joining the cyberdelic counterculture. The phrase was referenced in several songs of the time. Psychedelic rock band Strawberry Alarm Clock parodies the quote in their 1967 song "Incense and Peppermints", singing "Turn on, tune in, turn your eyes around" in one of the lines. Gil Scott-Heron criticised the concept in his 1970 poem and song The Revolution Will Not Be Televised, with the line "You will not be able to plug in, turn on and cop-out". The lyrics, "Turn on, tune in, drop out" are included verbatim in several songs:  * "Turn On, Tune In" by Threshold  * "Drop Out" by Infected Mushroom  * "Ever Increasing Circles" on the compilation album Wake Up and Smell the... Carcass by the band Carcass  * "Turn On Tune In Drop Out" by Cracker  * "Turn on, Tune in, Stay inert" in "Flash Delerium" by MGMT  * "Turn On / Tune In / Drop Out" on The Fugs' album Tenderness Junction  *  "Tune In, Drop Out" in "Trigger Hippie" by Morcheeba The CSI episode title "Turn On, Tune In, Drop Dead" also parodies the quote, with the episode focusing on how two victims who are supposedly dead get up and walk away. A variation of the quote ("Tune in, Turn on, Talknet") was used in the 1980s and early 1990s for NBC Radio's Talknet nighttime programming block of call-in advice shows..comment "Turn on, tune in, drop out" is a counterculture-era phrase popularized by Timothy Leary in 1966. In 1967 Leary spoke at the Human Be-In, a gathering of 30,000 hippies in Golden Gate Park in San Francisco and phrased the famous words, "Turn on, tune in, drop out". It was also the title of his spoken word album Turn On, Tune In, Drop Out recorded in 1966. On this lengthy album one can hear Leary speaking in a monotone, soft-spoken voice on his views about the world and humanity and describing nature, Indian symbols, "the meaning of inner life", the LSD experience, peace and many other issues..
3/3	==SS== To depend upon; to pivot around, to have as a central subject.''The argument '''turned on''' the question of whether or not jobs would be lost.'' 
===237	turn over	15
1/15	==DB== Turnover number.Turnover number has two different meanings: In enzymology, turnover number (also termed kcat) is defined as the maximum number of chemical conversions of substrate molecules per second that a single catalytic site will execute for a given enzyme concentration . It can be calculated from the maximum reaction rate and catalyst site concentration as follows: (See Michaelis-Menten kinetics). For example, carbonic anhydrase has a turnover number of 400,000 to 600,000 s−1, which means that each carbonic anhydrase molecule can produce up to 600,000 molecules of product (bicarbonate ions) per second. In other chemical fields, such as organometallic catalysis, turnover number (abbreviated TON) has a different meaning: the number of moles of substrate that a mole of catalyst can convert before becoming inactivated. An ideal catalyst would have an infinite turnover number in this sense, because it wouldn't ever be consumed, but in actual practice one often sees turnover numbers which go from 100 up to 40 million for catalase. The term turnover frequency (abbreviated TOF) is used to refer to the turnover per unit time, as in enzymology. For most relevant industrial applications, the turnover frequency is in the range of 10−2 - 102 s−1 (enzymes 103 - 107 s−1).[1]Turnover number of catalase is maximum i.e. 4 X 107 s−1..comment Turnover number has two different meanings: In enzymology, turnover number (also termed kcat) is defined as the maximum number of chemical conversions of substrate molecules per second that a single catalytic site will execute for a given enzyme concentration . It can be calculated from the maximum reaction rate and catalyst site concentration as follows: (See Michaelis-Menten kinetics). For example, carbonic anhydrase has a turnover number of 400,000 to 600,000 s−1, which means that each carbonic anhydrase molecule can produce up to 600,000 molecules of product (bicarbonate ions) per second..
2/15	==DB== Turnover tax.A turnover tax is similar to VAT, with the difference that it taxes intermediate and possibly capital goods. It is an indirect tax, typically on an ad valorem basis, applicable to a production process or stage. For example, when manufacturing activity is completed, a tax may be charged on some companies. Sales tax occurs when merchandise has been sold..comment A turnover tax is similar to VAT, with the difference that it taxes intermediate and possibly capital goods. It is an indirect tax, typically on an ad valorem basis, applicable to a production process or stage. For example, when manufacturing activity is completed, a tax may be charged on some companies. Sales tax occurs when merchandise has been sold..
3/15	==DB== Population turnover.
4/15	==SS== 
5/15	==DB== Inventory turnover.In accounting, the Inventory turnover is a measure of the number of times inventory is sold or used in a time period such as a year. The equation for inventory turnover equals the cost of goods sold or net sales divided by the average inventory. Inventory turnover is also known as inventory turns, merchandise turnover, stockturn, stock turns, turns, and stock turnover..comment In accounting, the Inventory turnover is a measure of the number of times inventory is sold or used in a time period such as a year. The equation for inventory turnover equals the cost of goods sold or net sales divided by the average inventory. Inventory turnover is also known as inventory turns, merchandise turnover, stockturn, stock turns, turns, and stock turnover..
6/15	==DB== Turnover.Turnover (food).A turnover is a type of pastry made by placing a filling on a piece of dough, folding the dough over, sealing, and baking it. Turnovers can be sweet or savory and are often made as a sort of portable meal or dessert, similar to a sandwich. It is common for sweet turnovers to have a fruit filling and be made with a puff pastry or shortcrust pastry dough; savory turnovers generally contain meat and/or vegetables and can be made with any sort of dough, though a kneaded yeast dough seems to be the most common in Western cuisines. They are usually baked, but may be fried. Savory turnovers are often sold as convenience foods in supermarkets. Savory turnovers with meat or poultry and identified as a turnover in the United States (for example, "Beef Turnover" or "Cheesy Chicken Turnover") have to meet a standard of identity or composition and should contain a certain amount of meat or poultry meat. In Ireland, a turnover is a particular type of white bread, commonly found in Dublin..comment A turnover is a type of pastry made by placing a filling on a piece of dough, folding the dough over, sealing, and baking it. Turnovers can be sweet or savory and are often made as a sort of portable meal or dessert, similar to a sandwich. It is common for sweet turnovers to have a fruit filling and be made with a puff pastry or shortcrust pastry dough; savory turnovers generally contain meat and/or vegetables and can be made with any sort of dough, though a kneaded yeast dough seems to be the most common in Western cuisines. They are usually baked, but may be fried..
7/15	==DB== Turnover (basketball).In basketball, a turnover occurs when a team loses possession of the ball to the opposing team before a player takes a shot at his team's basket. This can result from the ball being stolen, the player making mistakes such as stepping out of bounds, illegal screen, a double dribble, having a pass intercepted, throwing the ball out of bounds, three-second violaton a five-second violation, or committing an error such as traveling, a shot clock violation, palming, a backcourt violation, or committing an offensive foul. A technical foul against a team that is in possession of the ball is a blatant example of a turnover, because the opponent is awarded a free throw in addition to possession of the ball. Some players are prone to turnovers because of having poor court vision or making mental mistakes. Also, many superstars average more turnovers than anybody on their team as they will often be handling the ball. A point guard may often have the most turnovers because they are usually the player that possesses the ball most for their respective team. Turnovers were first officially recorded in the NBA during the 1977–78 season and ABA during the 1967–68 season..comment In basketball, a turnover occurs when a team loses possession of the ball to the opposing team before a player takes a shot at his team's basket. This can result from the ball being stolen, the player making mistakes such as stepping out of bounds, illegal screen, a double dribble, having a pass intercepted, throwing the ball out of bounds, three-second violaton a five-second violation, or committing an error such as traveling, a shot clock violation, palming, a backcourt violation, or committing an offensive foul. A technical foul against a team that is in possession of the ball is a blatant example of a turnover, because the opponent is awarded a free throw in addition to possession of the ball..
8/15	==DB== Turn Over.length 3648.0.released 1988-05-25.lastAlbum Immigration.nextAlbum Glamour.recorded --04-03.Turn Over.Turn Over is the first live album of the Japanese rock group Show-Ya. It is a collection of live songs recorded during concerts from the "Date Line Tour" and "Immigration Tour" in 1987, and from the "Tour of the Immigrant" in 1988. The album reached position No. 36 in the Japanese Oricon chart..comment Turn Over is the first live album of the Japanese rock group Show-Ya. It is a collection of live songs recorded during concerts from the "Date Line Tour" and "Immigration Tour" in 1987, and from the "Tour of the Immigrant" in 1988. The album reached position No. 36 in the Japanese Oricon chart..
9/15	==DB== Turnover.yearsActive 2009.background group_or_band.origin Virginia Beach, Virginia, U.S..Broken Rim, Run for Cover, Audiotree Music.Turnover (band).Turnover is an American rock band from Virginia Beach, Virginia. Formed in 2009, the band is signed with the Run for Cover Records label. Turnover has released two albums, two EPs and a handful of singles. The band has toured extensively, both in America and internationally, usually as a supporting act..comment Turnover is an American rock band from Virginia Beach, Virginia. Formed in 2009, the band is signed with the Run for Cover Records label. Turnover has released two albums, two EPs and a handful of singles. The band has toured extensively, both in America and internationally, usually as a supporting act..
10/15	==DB== Asset turnover.Asset turnover is a financial ratio that measures the efficiency of a company's use of its assets in generating sales revenue or sales income to the company. Companies with low profit margins tend to have high asset turnover, while those with high profit margins have low asset turnover. Companies in the retail industry tend to have a very high turnover ratio due mainly to cutthroat and competitive pricing.  *  "Sales" is the value of "Net Sales" or "Sales" from the company's income statement  *  "Average Total Assets" is the average of the values of "Total assets" from the company's balance sheet in the beginning and the end of the fiscal period. It is calculated by adding up the assets at the beginning of the period and the assets at the end of the period, then dividing that number by two.  *  Alternatively, "Average Total Assets" can be ending total assets..comment Asset turnover is a financial ratio that measures the efficiency of a company's use of its assets in generating sales revenue or sales income to the company. Companies with low profit margins tend to have high asset turnover, while those with high profit margins have low asset turnover. Companies in the retail industry tend to have a very high turnover ratio due mainly to cutthroat and competitive pricing..
11/15	==DB== Turnover (rugby union).
12/15	==DB== Cell turnover.
13/15	==DB== Turnover (rugby league).
14/15	==DB== Turnover (gridiron football).In gridiron football, a turnover occurs when the team with the ball loses possession of the ball without kicking it, which is then gained by the other team. In American football, the two events that are officially classified as "turnovers" are fumbles (accidental physical loss of a live ball a player has possession of) or interceptions (passes intended for a member of the passing team, but caught by a member of the opposing team). In addition, the term "turnover" is often used to refer to a turnover on downs, when a team attempts to gain a first down or touchdown on a fourth down play (known as a fourth down conversion), but is unsuccessful. When this occurs, the opposing team automatically gains possession at the spot to which the ball was advanced at the end of the play, unless a penalty has occurred (every defensive penalty, if accepted, results either in an automatic first down or a replay of down). In this event, the team that has lost possession is not permitted an opportunity to advance the ball any further. National Football League game statistics recording turnovers only include lost fumbles and intercepted passes; turnovers on downs are not included (e.g., a team whose only turnovers are turnovers on downs is credited with having "no turnovers"). In Canadian football, turnovers generally occur in a similar manner to American football, except that a turnover on downs will occur after three downs instead of four. In addition, Canadian Football League statistics record turnovers on downs on an equal basis to turnovers caused by fumbles and interceptions..comment In gridiron football, a turnover occurs when the team with the ball loses possession of the ball without kicking it, which is then gained by the other team. In American football, the two events that are officially classified as "turnovers" are fumbles (accidental physical loss of a live ball a player has possession of) or interceptions (passes intended for a member of the passing team, but caught by a member of the opposing team)..
15/15	==DB== Turnover (employment).In human resources context, turnover is the act of replacing an employee with a new employee. Partings between organizations and employees may consist of termination, retirement, death, interagency transfers, and resignations. An organization’s turnover is measured as a percentage rate, which is referred to as its turnover rate. Turnover rate is the percentage of employees in a workforce that leave during a certain period of time. Organizations and industries as a whole measure their turnover rate during a fiscal or calendar year. There are four types of turnovers: Voluntary is the first type of turnover, which occurs when an employee voluntarily chooses to resign from the organization. Voluntary turnover could be the result of a more appealing job offer, staff conflict, or lack of advancement opportunities. The second type of turnover is Involuntary, which occurs when the employer makes the decision to discharge an employee and the employee unwillingly leaves his or her position. Involuntary turnover could be a result of poor performance, staff conflict, the at-will employment clause, etc. The third type of turnover is Functional, which occurs when a low-performing employee leaves the organization. Functional turnover reduces the amount of paperwork that a company must file in order to rid itself of a low-performing employee. Rather than having to go through the potentially difficult process of proving that an employee is inadequate, the company simply respects his or her own decision to leave. The fourth type of turnover is Dysfunctional, which occurs when a high-performing employee leaves the organization. Dysfunctional turnover can be potentially costly to an organization, and could be the result of a more appealing job offer or lack of opportunities in career advancement. Too much turnover is not only costly, but it can also give an organization a bad reputation. However, there is also good turnover, which occurs when an organization finds a better fit with a new employee in a certain position. Good turnover can also transpire when an employee has outgrown opportunities within a certain organization and must move forward with his or her career in a new organization. If an employer is said to have a high turnover rate relative to its competitors, it means that employees of that company have a shorter average tenure than those of other companies in the same industry. High turnover may be harmful to a company's productivity if skilled workers are often leaving and the worker population contains a high percentage of novices. Companies will often track turnover internally across departments, divisions, or other demographic groups, such as turnover of women versus men. Most companies allow managers to terminate employees at any time, for any reason, or for no reason at all, even if the employee is in good standing. Additionally, companies track voluntary turnover more accurately by presenting parting employees with surveys, thus identifying specific reasons as to why they may be choosing to resign.Many organizations have discovered that turnover is reduced significantly when issues affecting employees are addressed immediately and professionally. Companies try to reduce employee turnover rates by offering benefits such as paid sick days, paid holidays and flexible schedules.In the United States, the average total of non-farm seasonally adjusted monthly turnover was 3.3% for the period from December, 2000 to November, 2008. However, rates vary widely when compared over different periods of time and with different job sectors. For example, during the 2001-2006 period, the annual turnover rate for all industry sectors averaged 39.6% prior to seasonal adjustments, while the Leisure and Hospitality sector experienced an average annual rate of 74.6% during this same period..comment In human resources context, turnover is the act of replacing an employee with a new employee. Partings between organizations and employees may consist of termination, retirement, death, interagency transfers, and resignations. An organization’s turnover is measured as a percentage rate, which is referred to as its turnover rate. Turnover rate is the percentage of employees in a workforce that leave during a certain period of time. Organizations and industries as a whole measure their turnover rate during a fiscal or calendar year..
===238	wake up	28
1/28	==DB== writer Cole Sanchez.writer Steve Wolfhard.title Wake Up" / "Escape from the Citadel.season 6.airdate 2014-04-21.episode 1.guests *Kumail Nanjiani as Prismo * M. Emmet Walsh as the Cosmic Owl * Miguel Ferrer as Death, Grod * Ethan Maher as Sweet P * Ron Perlman as the Lich * Stephen Root as Martin.Wake Up / Escape from the Citadel."Wake Up" and "Escape from the Citadel" are the first two episodes of the sixth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time. "Wake Up" was written and storyboarded by Andy Ristaino and Cole Sanchez, whereas "Escape from the Citadel" was storyboarded by Tom Herpich and Steve Wolfhard. Both episodes' stories were developed by Kent Osborne, Pendleton Ward, Jack Pendarvis, and Adam Muto. The two episodes originally aired on Cartoon Network on April 21, 2014. The episodes guest star Kumail Nanjiani as Prismo, M. Emmet Walsh as the Cosmic Owl, Miguel Ferrer as Death, Ron Perlman as the Lich, and Stephen Root as Martin. The series follows the adventures of Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada), a human boy, and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio), a dog with magical powers to change shape and grow and shrink at will. In "Wake Up", Finn and Jake try to commit a cosmic crime in order to gain access to a multiverse prison called the Citadel to meet Finn's father is trapped. Prismo (voiced by Nanjiani) offers to help them, but he is murdered by the Lich (voiced by Perlman). In "Escape from the Citadel", Jake, Finn, and the Lich are transported to the Citadel, where Finn and Jake meet Martin (voiced by Root), Finn's father, who is not what Finn expected. The three are forced to run from the Lich, as he begins to destroy the Citadel. At this time, Martin flees, and Finn tries to give chase, but his grass sword takes over his entire arm, causing Finn to lose it. Despite Finn's loss of his father and limb, Finn and Jake are vindicated when the Lich is turned into a giant baby. Both "Wake Up" and "Escape from the Citadel", were met with critical acclaim. Robert Lloyd of the Los Angeles Times felt that the episode was exciting, whereas Oliver Sava of The A.V. Club applauded the episode's use of humor as a way of balancing out the heavier aspects of the plot. Many of the reviews also praised Nanjiani's return as Prismo. Reviews were also complimentary towards the darker nature of "Escape from the Citadel". Both episodes were watched by 3.321 million viewers..comment "Wake Up" and "Escape from the Citadel" are the first two episodes of the sixth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time. "Wake Up" was written and storyboarded by Andy Ristaino and Cole Sanchez, whereas "Escape from the Citadel" was storyboarded by Tom Herpich and Steve Wolfhard. Both episodes' stories were developed by Kent Osborne, Pendleton Ward, Jack Pendarvis, and Adam Muto. The two episodes originally aired on Cartoon Network on April 21, 2014. The episodes guest star Kumail Nanjiani as Prismo, M. Emmet Walsh as the Cosmic Owl, Miguel Ferrer as Death, Ron Perlman as the Lich, and Stephen Root as Martin..
2/28	==DB== Wake Up!.Columbia.Creation (CRECD 179).length 3089.0.released --03-27.released --09-12.lastAlbum Giant Steps.nextAlbum C'mon Kids.recorded September&ndash;October 1994, Rockfield Studios, Wales.Wake Up! (The Boo Radleys album).Wake Up! is the fourth album by British alternative rock band The Boo Radleys, released by Creation Records in 1995..comment Wake Up! is the fourth album by British alternative rock band The Boo Radleys, released by Creation Records in 1995..
3/28	==DB== Wake Up.length 364.0.released 1992-11-03.prev "Know Your Enemy".trackNo 7.Wake Up (Rage Against the Machine song)."Wake Up" is a song by American rap metal band Rage Against the Machine. It is the seventh track from their self-titled debut album. While never released as a single, it remains a staple of their live shows and is usually played as the last song before the encore. It appeared in the feature film The Matrix, which increased the song's exposure..comment "Wake Up" is a song by American rap metal band Rage Against the Machine. It is the seventh track from their self-titled debut album. While never released as a single, it remains a staple of their live shows and is usually played as the last song before the encore. It appeared in the feature film The Matrix, which increased the song's exposure..
4/28	==DB== Wake Up.producer Arcade Fire.writer Arcade Fire.length 225.0.length 333.0.released 2005-11-14.recorded 2003.format 7".lastSingle "Rebellion (Lies)".nextSingle "Black Mirror".Wake Up (Arcade Fire song)."Wake Up" is an indie rock song by Canadian rock band Arcade Fire. It was the fifth and final single released from the band's debut album, Funeral. The single was released as a one-sided 7" vinyl record on November 14, 2005..comment "Wake Up" is an indie rock song by Canadian rock band Arcade Fire. It was the fifth and final single released from the band's debut album, Funeral. The single was released as a one-sided 7" vinyl record on November 14, 2005..
5/28	==DB== Wake Up.length 2984.0.released 2014-12-24.lastAlbum Dark & Wild.nextAlbum The Most Beautiful Moment In Life, Part 1.Wake Up (BTS album).Wake Up is the debut Japanese studio album by South Korean boy band BTS, which was released on December 24, 2014. The album features 13 tracks, including the Japanese versions of "No More Dream", "Boy in Luv", and "Danger", as well as two original Japanese songs: "The Stars" and "Wake Up". The album peaked at number 2 on Oricon charts..comment Wake Up is the debut Japanese studio album by South Korean boy band BTS, which was released on December 24, 2014. The album features 13 tracks, including the Japanese versions of "No More Dream", "Boy in Luv", and "Danger", as well as two original Japanese songs: "The Stars" and "Wake Up". The album peaked at number 2 on Oricon charts..
6/28	==DB== Wake Up! Wake Up! Wake Up!.AVCD-23281B.length 2611.0.released 2007-05-02.lastAlbum My Foot.nextAlbum Lostman Go to Yesterday.Wake Up! Wake Up! Wake Up!.Wake Up! Wake Up! Wake Up! is an album that was released by The Pillows on May 2, 2007..comment Wake Up! Wake Up! Wake Up! is an album that was released by The Pillows on May 2, 2007..
7/28	==DB== Wake Up!.genre *.released 2015-11-27.Wake Up! (Pope Francis album).Wake Up! Music Album with His Words and Prayers is a Christian rock album by Pope Francis released on 27 November 2015 on Believe Digital. The album is formed of speeches by Pope Francis recorded in numerous locations worldwide between 2013–15 with accompanying music tracks of prayers and hymns by various Italian artists and producers..comment Wake Up! Music Album with His Words and Prayers is a Christian rock album by Pope Francis released on 27 November 2015 on Believe Digital. The album is formed of speeches by Pope Francis recorded in numerous locations worldwide between 2013–15 with accompanying music tracks of prayers and hymns by various Italian artists and producers..
8/28	==DB== Wake Up.length 3470.0.released 1990-08-24.lastAlbum Circumstantial Evidence.Wake Up (Shalamar album).Wake Up is the tenth and last album by American R&B group Shalamar, released in 1990 on the SOLAR label. It is the second Shalamar album to feature the line-up of Delisa Davis, Micki Free and Sydney Justin. In an attempt to keep Shalamar relevant to a contemporary market, the album was heavily influenced by the then-dominant new jack swing style, but the end result was generally considered, at the least, disappointing. Wake Up failed to register on any chart in either the USA or the UK, neither did it produce a charting single in either country. It was Shalamar's least successful album and is usually looked upon as representing a somewhat unfortunate ending to the group's career..comment Wake Up is the tenth and last album by American R&B group Shalamar, released in 1990 on the SOLAR label. It is the second Shalamar album to feature the line-up of Delisa Davis, Micki Free and Sydney Justin..
9/28	==DB== Wake Up.length 237.0.length 211.0.released 2004-05-03.lastSingle "Last Train Home".nextSingle "Last Summer".Wake Up (Make a Move)."Wake Up (Make a Move)" is the third single from Start Something, the second album by the Welsh rock band Lostprophets. This single was under much debate up to its release; both Lostprophets and their management wanted the dark, brooding "Make a Move" as a single, whereas the label wanted the poppier, catchier "I Don't Know". The band and their management walked away victorious and the song was released as a single with the modified title "Wake Up (Make a Move)". However, "I Don't Know" was later released for radio airplay in the U.S. and made it to #11 in the Modern Rock Charts. A music video was produced for the song and saw moderate airplay upon release..comment "Wake Up (Make a Move)" is the third single from Start Something, the second album by the Welsh rock band Lostprophets. This single was under much debate up to its release; both Lostprophets and their management wanted the dark, brooding "Make a Move" as a single, whereas the label wanted the poppier, catchier "I Don't Know". The band and their management walked away victorious and the song was released as a single with the modified title "Wake Up (Make a Move)". However, "I Don't Know" was later released for radio airplay in the U.S. and made it to #11 in the Modern Rock Charts..
10/28	==DB== Wake Up.producer Steve Mac.writer Kevin Snevely.length 192.0.released 2015-10-02.lastSingle "Oh Cecilia (Breaking My Heart)".nextSingle "Rest Your Love".Wake Up (The Vamps song)."Wake Up" is a song by British pop band The Vamps. It was released on 2 October 2015 as the lead single from their second studio album of the same name (2015). But this October 14, 2016 they released their new song "All Night" Worldwide..comment "Wake Up" is a song by British pop band The Vamps. It was released on 2 October 2015 as the lead single from their second studio album of the same name (2015). But this October 14, 2016 they released their new song "All Night" Worldwide..
11/28	==DB== Wake Up Call (disambiguation).
12/28	==DB== Wake Up, O Sleeper.released 2003-03-25.lastAlbum I Fought Against Myself.nextAlbum The Fires of Life.Wake Up, O Sleeper.Wake Up, O Sleeper is the second full-length album by indie rock band Cool Hand Luke. It was released in 2003 on Floodgate Records..comment Wake Up, O Sleeper is the second full-length album by indie rock band Cool Hand Luke. It was released in 2003 on Floodgate Records..
13/28	==DB== Wake Up.genre *.producer Dead Executives.filename Hilary Duff - Wake Up.ogg.title "Wake Up".description A 21-second sample of "Wake Up"s chorus reflecting the "party anthem" lyrics. Duff sings about having fun..released 2005-07-12.recorded 2005.lastSingle "Someone's Watching Over Me".nextSingle "Beat of My Heart".Wake Up (Hilary Duff song)."Wake Up" is a song recorded by American singer Hilary Duff for her first compilation album, Most Wanted (2005). It was co-written by Duff and the Dead Executives, who also produced the song. Along with the three other new recordings on Most Wanted, "Wake Up" was crafted with the intention of having a "totally different sound" from Duff's previous material. Although she thought of the work to be a new milestone in her career, she was at the same time nervous about her fans would react to the material. "Wake Up" was released as the lead single from Most Wanted on July 12, 2005. Described by Duff as an '80s-influenced dance-pop song, "Wake Up" is lyrically about going out and having fun. The song was released digitally in the United Kingdom on October 24, 2005. "Wake Up" received mixed reviews from critics. Some praised it for being "irresistible" and having a fun nature, while others criticized it for its "insipid" lyrics and noted that it sounds like "leftovers" from Duff's previous releases. The song achieved some commercial success, becoming a top-ten hit in Ireland, Norway, Spain and the United Kingdom. It reached the top forty in several other countries: Australia, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Switzerland and the United States. The song's accompanying music video features Duff leaving her house and attending various nightclubs and parties..comment "Wake Up" is a song recorded by American singer Hilary Duff for her first compilation album, Most Wanted (2005). It was co-written by Duff and the Dead Executives, who also produced the song. Along with the three other new recordings on Most Wanted, "Wake Up" was crafted with the intention of having a "totally different sound" from Duff's previous material. Although she thought of the work to be a new milestone in her career, she was at the same time nervous about her fans would react to the material. "Wake Up" was released as the lead single from Most Wanted on July 12, 2005..
14/28	==DB== Wake Up.released 2005-08-30.nextAlbum So Long.Wake Up (Stereoside album).Wake Up is the first album by American Southern rock band Stereoside..comment Wake Up is the first album by American Southern rock band Stereoside..
15/28	==DB== Wake Up.released 2012-03-20.nextAlbum Sinema.Wake Up (Swoope album).Wake Up is the debut studio album from Christian hip hop musician Swoope. The album released on March 20, 2012 by Collision Records..comment Wake Up is the debut studio album from Christian hip hop musician Swoope. The album released on March 20, 2012 by Collision Records..
16/28	==DB== Wake Up (Suicide Silence EP).Wake Up is the second EP by American deathcore band Suicide Silence. It was released as the first single from their second album No Time to Bleed through Century Media Records on December 29, 2009 as an iTunes-only digital release..comment Wake Up is the second EP by American deathcore band Suicide Silence. It was released as the first single from their second album No Time to Bleed through Century Media Records on December 29, 2009 as an iTunes-only digital release..
17/28	==DB== Wake Up.length 253.0.released 2012-08-15.lastSingle "Naisho no Hanashi".nextSingle "Luminous".Wake Up (ClariS song)."Wake Up" is a pop song by the Japanese duo and idol unit ClariS, written by Mayuko Maruyama. It was released as the unit's fifth single on August 15, 2012 by SME Records. The song was used as the opening theme to the 2012 anime series Moyashimon Returns. A music video was produced for "Wake Up", directed by Junya Morita. The single peaked at No. 12 on Japan's weekly Oricon singles chart..comment "Wake Up" is a pop song by the Japanese duo and idol unit ClariS, written by Mayuko Maruyama. It was released as the unit's fifth single on August 15, 2012 by SME Records. The song was used as the opening theme to the 2012 anime series Moyashimon Returns. A music video was produced for "Wake Up", directed by Junya Morita. The single peaked at No. 12 on Japan's weekly Oricon singles chart..
18/28	==DB== Wake Up.RGF.300.released 2016-04-20.lastSingle "Jimmy Choo".nextSingle "All in My Head (Flex)".Wake Up (Fetty Wap song)."Wake Up" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Fetty Wap. The song was released on April 20, 2016 by RGF Productions and 300 Entertainment. The track was produced by Frenzy..comment "Wake Up" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Fetty Wap. The song was released on April 20, 2016 by RGF Productions and 300 Entertainment. The track was produced by Frenzy..
19/28	==DB== Wake Up.producer *.producer *Connor Ball *Tristan Evans *Carl Falk *.producer *Matt Prime *Metrophonic *Tobias Karlsson *Kevin Snevely *.producer *Jay Reynolds.*.length 2451.0.released 2015-11-27.lastAlbum Somebody to You.Wake Up (The Vamps album).Wake Up is the second studio album by British pop band The Vamps. It was released on 27 November 2015. It debuted and peaked at number 10 on the UK Albums Chart and has been certified Silver. As October 14, 2016 they released new single All Night and featured by norwegian DJ Matoma..comment Wake Up is the second studio album by British pop band The Vamps. It was released on 27 November 2015. It debuted and peaked at number 10 on the UK Albums Chart and has been certified Silver. As October 14, 2016 they released new single All Night and featured by norwegian DJ Matoma..
20/28	==DB== Wake Up.producer Chris Omartian, Brian Hitt.length 2218.0.released 2009-10-06.Wake Up (Paige Armstrong album).Wake Up is the debut album by the American Christian rock artist Paige Armstrong. The album, produced by Chris Omartian and Brian Hitt, was released on October 6, 2009 under Whiplash Records (though Armstrong is part of the iShine family) and marks the beginning of Armstrong's professional career after her struggle with cancer. Unlike other iShine artists, Armstrong's album Wake Up boasts a hard rock sound, with guitar solos, profound bass, and occasional vocals, as opposed to the normal pop sound performed by other iShine artists..comment Wake Up is the debut album by the American Christian rock artist Paige Armstrong. The album, produced by Chris Omartian and Brian Hitt, was released on October 6, 2009 under Whiplash Records (though Armstrong is part of the iShine family) and marks the beginning of Armstrong's professional career after her struggle with cancer. Unlike other iShine artists, Armstrong's album Wake Up boasts a hard rock sound, with guitar solos, profound bass, and occasional vocals, as opposed to the normal pop sound performed by other iShine artists..
21/28	==SS== To awaken.
22/28	==DB== Wake Up!.genre *.*.length 3768.0.released 2010-09-21.artist John Legend and The Roots.Wake Up! (John Legend and The Roots album).Wake Up! is a collaborative studio album by American R&B recording artist John Legend and hip hop band The Roots, released September 21, 2010, on GOOD Music via Columbia Records. It was produced by Legend with band members Ahmir "Questlove" Thompson and James Poyser, and features guest appearances by CL Smooth, Malik Yusef, Common, and Melanie Fiona, among others. Inspired by the 2008 United States presidential election, Legend and The Roots primarily covered 1960s and 1970s soul music songs for the album with social themes of awareness, engagement, and consciousness. The album debuted at number eight on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling 63,000 copies in its first week. Upon its release, Wake Up! received positive reviews from most music critics, who complimented its production and the artists' treatment and performance of the material. It would go on to win the 2010 Grammy Award for Best R&B Album..comment Wake Up! is a collaborative studio album by American R&B recording artist John Legend and hip hop band The Roots, released September 21, 2010, on GOOD Music via Columbia Records. It was produced by Legend with band members Ahmir "Questlove" Thompson and James Poyser, and features guest appearances by CL Smooth, Malik Yusef, Common, and Melanie Fiona, among others. Inspired by the 2008 United States presidential election, Legend and The Roots primarily covered 1960s and 1970s soul music songs for the album with social themes of awareness, engagement, and consciousness..
23/28	==DB== Wake Up.producer Ed Buller & Eskimo Joe.length 209.0.released 2001-03-26.nextSingle "Who Sold Her Out".Wake Up (Eskimo Joe song)."Wake Up" is the first single by Eskimo Joe, taken from their debut album Girl. The video for the song won 'Best Video' at the 2001 ARIA Awards. The music video for the song features people with cardboard cut-out faces..comment "Wake Up" is the first single by Eskimo Joe, taken from their debut album Girl. The video for the song won 'Best Video' at the 2001 ARIA Awards. The music video for the song features people with cardboard cut-out faces..
24/28	==DB== Wake Up, America!.recorded 1916-03-10.Wake Up, America!.Wake up, America! is a World War I song written in 1916. George Graff, Jr. wrote the lyrics, and Jack Glogau composed the music. The song was produced by Leo Feist, Inc. in New York, New York. The character of Uncle Sam, whose image was used to recruit soldiers for war, is featured on the cover of the sheet music. Uncle Sam puts a ship into the sea, as soldiers march in the background. Above the title of the song, it reads, "This is the song that inspired all America!".comment Wake up, America! is a World War I song written in 1916. George Graff, Jr. wrote the lyrics, and Jack Glogau composed the music. The song was produced by Leo Feist, Inc. in New York, New York. The character of Uncle Sam, whose image was used to recruit soldiers for war, is featured on the cover of the sheet music. Uncle Sam puts a ship into the sea, as soldiers march in the background. Above the title of the song, it reads, "This is the song that inspired all America!".
25/28	==DB== Wake Up.length 271.0.released 2006-02-20.lastSingle "What's on Your Radio?".nextSingle "Long Live the Weekend".Wake Up (The Living End song)."Wake Up" is the second single from The Living End's fourth album, State of Emergency. It was released on 18 February 2006, in Australia. The song was both popular on Australian and New Zealand radio stations. It also peaked at number five in the Australian ARIA Singles Chart. The song was also used on the 40 Hour Famine DVD for 2006. Wake Up was featured on the Triple J Hottest 100 for 2006, reaching #53. This kept safe The Living End's record of featuring in every Hottest 100 countdown since 1997. However, there was no song by The Living End in the Hottest 100 for 2007, although their cover of the Cold Chisel song "Rising Sun" was in the list of songs that listeners could vote for. "Wake Up" was released in the UK as a downloadable single on 30 July 2007..comment "Wake Up" is the second single from The Living End's fourth album, State of Emergency. It was released on 18 February 2006, in Australia. The song was both popular on Australian and New Zealand radio stations. It also peaked at number five in the Australian ARIA Singles Chart. The song was also used on the 40 Hour Famine DVD for 2006. "Wake Up" was released in the UK as a downloadable single on 30 July 2007..
26/28	==DB== Wake Up.released 2013-10-20.lastAlbum The Signature LP.Wake Up (Sway EP).Wake Up is an extended play (EP) by the British rapper Sway. It was released on 20 October 2013 through 3Beat under exclusive license to All Around the World. The title track is produced by BBC Radio 1 DJ Zane Lowe. "No Sleep" featuring KSI and Tigger Da Author has received widespread recognition from KSI's YouTube fanbase. An official music video for the song premiered on 20 October 2013, and in two days had accumulated almost a million views. The single version of the song also features Tubes from Soccer AM. "Back Someday" features uncredited vocals from Ed Sheeran. "No Sleep" reached number 34 in the UK Midweeks Chart, and on Sunday entered the UK Singles Chart at number 44..comment Wake Up is an extended play (EP) by the British rapper Sway. It was released on 20 October 2013 through 3Beat under exclusive license to All Around the World. The title track is produced by BBC Radio 1 DJ Zane Lowe. "No Sleep" featuring KSI and Tigger Da Author has received widespread recognition from KSI's YouTube fanbase. An official music video for the song premiered on 20 October 2013, and in two days had accumulated almost a million views. The single version of the song also features Tubes from Soccer AM. "Back Someday" features uncredited vocals from Ed Sheeran. "No Sleep" reached number 34 in the UK Midweeks Chart, and on Sunday entered the UK Singles Chart at number 44..
27/28	==DB== Wake Up.length 2896.0.length 2715.0.length 2934.0.released 2013-04-23.lastAlbum Youngblood Hawke (EP).Wake Up (Youngblood Hawke album).Wake Up is the debut album by indie pop band Youngblood Hawke. It was released on April 23, 2013 exclusively on iTunes and then released to other digital retailers and stores on April 30, 2013..comment Wake Up is the debut album by indie pop band Youngblood Hawke. It was released on April 23, 2013 exclusively on iTunes and then released to other digital retailers and stores on April 30, 2013..
28/28	==DB== presenter *.runtime 7200.0.location *.location ,.showName Wake Up.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 147.pictureFormat PAL.firstAired 2013-11-04.lastAired 2014-05-23.precededBy Breakfast.Wake Up (TV program).Wake Up was an Australian breakfast television program produced by Network Ten. The show was hosted by Natarsha Belling and James Mathison. It aired weekday mornings from 6.30am to 8.30am, before Ten's morning talk show Studio 10. Wake Up, launched on 4 November 2013, was presented from Queenscliff Surf Club at Manly Beach in Sydney, with Nuala Hafner presenting national news updates from a glass studio at Federation Square in Melbourne. Due to poor ratings, the show was cancelled just six months after its debut, with the last episode airing 23 May 2014..comment Wake Up was an Australian breakfast television program produced by Network Ten. The show was hosted by Natarsha Belling and James Mathison. It aired weekday mornings from 6.30am to 8.30am, before Ten's morning talk show Studio 10. Wake Up, launched on 4 November 2013, was presented from Queenscliff Surf Club at Manly Beach in Sydney, with Nuala Hafner presenting national news updates from a glass studio at Federation Square in Melbourne. Due to poor ratings, the show was cancelled just six months after its debut, with the last episode airing 23 May 2014..
===239	walk away	13
1/13	==DB== Walk Away.filename Christina Aguilera - Walk Away.ogg.title "Walk Away".description A 30-second sample of "Walk Away".prev "Can't Hold Us Down".next "Fighter".trackNo 3.Walk Away (Christina Aguilera song)."Walk Away" is a song by American recording artist Christina Aguilera, taken from her fourth studio album, Stripped (2002). The song was written by Aguilera, Scott Storch and Matt Morris. Its production was handled by Storch, while Aguilera and E. Dawk served as vocal producers. The track is a piano-driven ballad which talks about an abusive relationship, where Aguilera uses a "clever" metaphor. Upon its release, "Walk Away" received mainly positive reviews from music critics, who praised its melody and deemed it as one of the stand-out tracks from Stripped. On March 14, 2008, the song peaked at number 35 on the Danish Tracklisten chart, becoming the only non-single entry from Stripped on the chart. Aguilera performed the track on two of her major concert tours: Justified & Stripped Tour (2003) and The Stripped Tour (2003)..comment "Walk Away" is a song by American recording artist Christina Aguilera, taken from her fourth studio album, Stripped (2002). The song was written by Aguilera, Scott Storch and Matt Morris. Its production was handled by Storch, while Aguilera and E. Dawk served as vocal producers. The track is a piano-driven ballad which talks about an abusive relationship, where Aguilera uses a "clever" metaphor..
2/13	==DB== Walk Away.length 544.0.artist Tony Moran featuring Kristine W.Walk Away (Tony Moran song)."Walk Away" is the first single from Tony Moran's new album The Event and features vocalist Kristine W. The single went to #1 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart on October 13, 2007. It was Kristine W's tenth number one on the dance charts and Moran's first of two straight number ones on the same chart from "The Event" compilation. Matúš Valent features in the music video..comment "Walk Away" is the first single from Tony Moran's new album The Event and features vocalist Kristine W. The single went to #1 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart on October 13, 2007. It was Kristine W's tenth number one on the dance charts and Moran's first of two straight number ones on the same chart from "The Event" compilation. Matúš Valent features in the music video..
3/13	==SS== ''I took one last look at the house and '''walked away'''.'' 
4/13	==DB== Walk Away.producer Leslie Howe.writer Alanis Morissette, Leslie Howe, Louise Reny, Frank Levin.(MCAD91109).recorded Distortion Studios, Ottawa.lastSingle "Too Hot".nextSingle "Feel Your Love".Walk Away (Alanis Morissette song)."Walk Away" is a pop-dance and freestyle song co-written by Alanis Morissette, Leslie Howe, Louise Reny and Frank Levin, and produced by Howe for Morissette's debut album, Alanis (1991). Its protagonist sends a warning to her boyfriend who "never think[s] twice before [he] break all the rules", telling him "I'll walk away and say good bye if you don't want me anymore ... if I don't get the love we had before". It was released to radio and television as the album's second single in 1991 (see 1991 in music), but it was not given a commercial release. The promotional single for the song includes a radio edit only. The song charted at number 35 in Canada. It was also featured in the film Problem Child 2. "Walk Away" was one of the demo recordings Leslie Howe and Morissette created with keyboardist Serge Côté in the studio, after Howe and her entertainment manager Stephan Klovan had decided to try to secure a record contract for her..comment "Walk Away" is a pop-dance and freestyle song co-written by Alanis Morissette, Leslie Howe, Louise Reny and Frank Levin, and produced by Howe for Morissette's debut album, Alanis (1991). Its protagonist sends a warning to her boyfriend who "never think[s] twice before [he] break all the rules", telling him "I'll walk away and say good bye if you don't want me anymore ... if I don't get the love we had before". It was released to radio and television as the album's second single in 1991 (see 1991 in music), but it was not given a commercial release. The promotional single for the song includes a radio edit only. The song charted at number 35 in Canada. It was also featured in the film Problem Child 2..
5/13	==DB== Walk Away.writer *.length 216.0.released 2005-12-05.format *.format 7".bSide "Sexy Boy".lastSingle "Do You Want To".nextSingle "The Fallen".Walk Away (Franz Ferdinand song)."Walk Away" is a song by Scottish rock band Franz Ferdinand and is featured on their second album, You Could Have It So Much Better. It was released 5 December 2005 as the second single from that album in the UK, entering the UK Singles Chart at #13 a week later (see 2005 in British music). The riff of the song is similar to the Kraftwerk song "Das Model"..comment "Walk Away" is a song by Scottish rock band Franz Ferdinand and is featured on their second album, You Could Have It So Much Better. It was released 5 December 2005 as the second single from that album in the UK, entering the UK Singles Chart at #13 a week later (see 2005 in British music). The riff of the song is similar to the Kraftwerk song "Das Model"..
6/13	==DB== Walk Away.lastSingle ''Don't Wanna Be Here.Walk Away (Cool for August song).Walk Away was the last hit radio single for the band Cool for August and was also released as a CD single in Australia. Released in 1998 at the height of the song's popularity, this proved to be the last official release for the band. This CD is the only release that contains the acoustic version of "Don't Wanna Be Here"..comment Walk Away was the last hit radio single for the band Cool for August and was also released as a CD single in Australia. Released in 1998 at the height of the song's popularity, this proved to be the last official release for the band. This CD is the only release that contains the acoustic version of "Don't Wanna Be Here"..
7/13	==DB== Walk Away (Donna Summer song).
8/13	==DB== Walk Away.writer Tord Bäckström, Bengt Girell, Jan Nilsson.length 225.0.released 2008-11-14.bSide Wake Me Up.lastSingle "Don't Gimme That".nextSingle "No More Days to Waste".aSide Walk Away.Walk Away (Aloha from Hell song)."Walk Away" is a song written by Tord Bäckström, Bengt Girell and Jan Nilsson for German pop-rock group Aloha from Hell's 2009 debut album No More Days to Waste. It was released as the album's second single on November 14, 2008. The song reached number twenty-six in the German singles chart..comment "Walk Away" is a song written by Tord Bäckström, Bengt Girell and Jan Nilsson for German pop-rock group Aloha from Hell's 2009 debut album No More Days to Waste. It was released as the album's second single on November 14, 2008. The song reached number twenty-six in the German singles chart..
9/13	==DB== Walk Away / Jailbreak.format 7.0.lastSingle Burden Brothers: "Shadow".lastSingle Supersuckers: "400 Bucks / Caliénte".Walk Away / Jailbreak."Walk Away / Jailbreak" is a split 7" single by the Burden Brothers and the Supersuckers. It was released in 2005 on Kitty Play Records.comment "Walk Away / Jailbreak" is a split 7" single by the Burden Brothers and the Supersuckers. It was released in 2005 on Kitty Play Records.
10/13	==DB== Walk Away.filename Kelly Clarkson- Walk Away .ogg.title "Walk Away".length 188.0.released 2006-01-17.lastSingle "Because of You".nextSingle "Never Again".Walk Away (Kelly Clarkson song)."Walk Away" is a song recorded by American pop singer Kelly Clarkson for her second studio album, Breakaway (2004). It was written and produced by Chantal Kreviazuk, Raine Maida and Kara DioGuardi, with additional writing from Clarkson. The song talks about a relationship that is not working out and she wants a lover who will support her, not disappear when she needs him the most. It is a prominent pop rock song. It was released as the album's fourth single. The song received generally positive reviews from most music critics, who praised the song for being "an anthemic and classic pop-rock song" and commended Clarkson's attitude on the song. In March 2006, the single was certified gold by RIAA and has sold over 500,000 copies in all formats in the United States. As of February 2010, "Walk Away" has sold over 1.1 million digital copies in the U.S..comment "Walk Away" is a song recorded by American pop singer Kelly Clarkson for her second studio album, Breakaway (2004). It was written and produced by Chantal Kreviazuk, Raine Maida and Kara DioGuardi, with additional writing from Clarkson. The song talks about a relationship that is not working out and she wants a lover who will support her, not disappear when she needs him the most. It is a prominent pop rock song..
11/13	==DB== Walk Away.writer Christina Milian, Shaffer Smith, Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen, Emilio Cancio-Bello, Dan Hill,  Elan Luz Riviera, Rafael Torres, Steve Kipner.length 261.0.released --03-03.released July 2006.artist Paula DeAnda featuring The D.E.Y..certification Gold.lastSingle "Doing Too Much".nextSingle "When It Was Me".Walk Away (Remember Me)."Walk Away (Remember Me)" is the second single from Paula DeAnda. It was released in the United States in 2006 and features The D.E.Y., and was written by Ne-Yo and Christina Milian together with producers Stargate. The song is about feelings from an old relationship that have resurfaced once the protagonist has seen her ex's new girlfriend..comment "Walk Away (Remember Me)" is the second single from Paula DeAnda. It was released in the United States in 2006 and features The D.E.Y., and was written by Ne-Yo and Christina Milian together with producers Stargate. The song is about feelings from an old relationship that have resurfaced once the protagonist has seen her ex's new girlfriend..
12/13	==DB== Walk Away.length 228.0.released 2007-07-23.lastSingle "Into Oblivion (Reunion)".nextSingle "Waterfront Dance Club".Walk Away (Funeral for a Friend song)."Walk Away" is the second single and ninth track from the Funeral for a Friend album Tales Don't Tell Themselves, and reached number 40 in the UK Charts..comment "Walk Away" is the second single and ninth track from the Funeral for a Friend album Tales Don't Tell Themselves, and reached number 40 in the UK Charts..
13/13	==DB== Walk Away.writer Zoltan Bathory, Ivan L Greening, Thomas Jason Grinstead, Jeremy Spencer Heyde, Matt Snell.length 223.0.released 2009-11-02.lastSingle "Hard To See".nextSingle "Dying Breed".Walk Away (Five Finger Death Punch song)."Walk Away" is a song by American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch. The song was released as the second single from their second album, War Is The Answer, and their fifth single overall on November 2, 2009. The song peaked at number 7 on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart (the band's fourth top-10 on that chart), number 31 on the Alternative Songs chart and number 21 on the Rock Songs chart (their 2nd appearance in the latter charts), making it their second highest-charted single to date. It was a free downloadable track in the iPhone game application, Tap Tap Revenge 3. It was also used as the official theme song for the 2010 TNA Lockdown PPV..comment "Walk Away" is a song by American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch. The song was released as the second single from their second album, War Is The Answer, and their fifth single overall on November 2, 2009. The song peaked at number 7 on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart (the band's fourth top-10 on that chart), number 31 on the Alternative Songs chart and number 21 on the Rock Songs chart (their 2nd appearance in the latter charts), making it their second highest-charted single to date. It was a free downloadable track in the iPhone game application, Tap Tap Revenge 3. It was also used as the official theme song for the 2010 TNA Lockdown PPV..
===240	walk on	4
1/4	==DB== Walk On.released 1995-10-24.lastAlbum Hiatt Comes Alive at Budokan?.nextAlbum Little Head.Walk On (John Hiatt album).Walk On was singer-songwriter John Hiatt's thirteenth album, released in 1995. It was his first album with Capitol Records..comment Walk On was singer-songwriter John Hiatt's thirteenth album, released in 1995. It was his first album with Capitol Records..
2/4	==DB== Walk On.producer Daniel Lanois and Brian Eno.length 249.0.length 265.0.length 269.0.length 295.0.released 2001-11-19.recorded HQ in Dublin, Ireland.lastSingle "Elevation".nextSingle "Electrical Storm".Walk On (U2 song)."Walk On" is a song by Irish rock band U2. It is the fourth track on their 2000 album, All That You Can't Leave Behind, and was released as a single in November 2001, the record's second in Canada and the fourth in the rest of the world. The song was written about Aung San Suu Kyi, a Burmese academic who was chairperson of the National League for Democracy and was placed under house arrest from 1989 until 2010 for her pro-democracy activities. The song won the "Grammy Award for Record of the Year" in 2002, marking the first time an artist had won the award for songs from the same album in consecutive years..comment "Walk On" is a song by Irish rock band U2. It is the fourth track on their 2000 album, All That You Can't Leave Behind, and was released as a single in November 2001, the record's second in Canada and the fourth in the rest of the world. The song was written about Aung San Suu Kyi, a Burmese academic who was chairperson of the National League for Democracy and was placed under house arrest from 1989 until 2010 for her pro-democracy activities. The song won the "Grammy Award for Record of the Year" in 2002, marking the first time an artist had won the award for songs from the same album in consecutive years..
3/4	==DB== Walk On.producer Reba McEntire.MCA 79009.length 196.0.bSide "It Always Rains on Saturday".lastSingle "Oklahoma Swing".nextSingle "You Lie".Walk On (Reba McEntire song)."Walk On" is a song written by Steve Dean and Lonnie Williams, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire. It was released in March 1990 as the fourth and final single from her album Sweet Sixteen. The song reached #2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in June 1990..comment "Walk On" is a song written by Steve Dean and Lonnie Williams, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire. It was released in March 1990 as the fourth and final single from her album Sweet Sixteen. The song reached #2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in June 1990..
4/4	==DB== Walk On.length 2664.0.released 1994-06-07.lastAlbum Third Stage.nextAlbum Greatest Hits.Walk On (Boston album).Walk On is the fourth studio album by American hard rock band Boston, released on June 7, 1994 by MCA Records..comment Walk On is the fourth studio album by American hard rock band Boston, released on June 7, 1994 by MCA Records..
===241	warming up	4
1/4	==DB== Warming up.Warming-up is performed before a performance or practice. Athletes, singers, actors and others warm up before stressing their muscles. it prepares the muscles for vigorous actions.comment Warming-up is performed before a performance or practice. Athletes, singers, actors and others warm up before stressing their muscles. it prepares the muscles for vigorous actions.
2/4	==DB== Warming Up.(For the 1928 film, see Warming Up (1928 film). For the 1983 film, see Warming Up (1983 film).) Warming Up is a long-running daily blog and podcast, written by British comedian and writer Richard Herring. A substantial entry has been made every day since 25 November 2002 and on audio each day since 22 June 2011. Herring originally wanted to use the exercise to help him overcome his writer’s block and to kick-start a day of writing. The blog documents moments from his daily life and his reflections upon them, often as practice for his job of writing humorous material. Some subjects covered in Warming Up are often reframed in Herring's weekly Metro newspaper column. Similarly, some of the ideas written in his blog have been used in his live stand up shows since 2005. It also proved a useful source for his 2010 book How Not To Grow Up. In 2005, Herring attempted to convert Warming Up into a sitcom called Blog but it was not commissioned. The pilot script can be seen in The Box Lady and Other Pesticles (see below). From 20 February 2014 Richard chose a blog each week to read as a segment fellow presenter Lou Sanders named 'Dicky's Diary' for The Richard Herring Show on Fubar Radio. The blog has a regular readership of over 3,000..comment (For the 1928 film, see Warming Up (1928 film). For the 1983 film, see Warming Up (1983 film).) Warming Up is a long-running daily blog and podcast, written by British comedian and writer Richard Herring. A substantial entry has been made every day since 25 November 2002 and on audio each day since 22 June 2011. Herring originally wanted to use the exercise to help him overcome his writer’s block and to kick-start a day of writing. The blog documents moments from his daily life and his reflections upon them, often as practice for his job of writing humorous material..
3/4	==SS== 
4/4	==SS== a regime of gentle exercise undertaken before some strenuous exercise or sport
===242	warm up	4
1/4	==SS== heat (preliminary race, used to determine the participants in a final race)
2/4	==DB== Warming up.Warming-up is performed before a performance or practice. Athletes, singers, actors and others warm up before stressing their muscles. it prepares the muscles for vigorous actions.comment Warming-up is performed before a performance or practice. Athletes, singers, actors and others warm up before stressing their muscles. it prepares the muscles for vigorous actions.
3/4	==DB== title Warm Up.released 2000-11-16.Warm Up.Warm Up is a Formula One style racing video game, developed by Lankhor, and published in 2000 by Microïds, for Microsoft Windows based PCs. The game can be played by up to 10 players on a network. The game does not have the proper license, and therefore does not have the correct teams and drivers, etc..comment Warm Up is a Formula One style racing video game, developed by Lankhor, and published in 2000 by Microïds, for Microsoft Windows based PCs. The game can be played by up to 10 players on a network. The game does not have the proper license, and therefore does not have the correct teams and drivers, etc..
4/4	==SS== To make an audience enthusiastic or animated before a show''Rich knew how to '''warm up''' the audience of The Price is Right. His good looks and charming personality made even that special.'' 
===243	way out	6
1/6	==SS== An exit.
2/6	==DB== Way Out.EMI/Capitol Records.length 165.0.released 2011-06-10.bSide "Crash! Boom! Bang! / Anyone ".lastSingle "Speak To Me".nextSingle "It's Possible".Way Out (Roxette song)."Way Out", written by Per Gessle and performed by Swedish pop duo Roxette, is the third single released from their eighth studio album Charm School. It was released solely in Germany and Austria, who decided to release another uptempo single, following the success of "She's Got Nothing On (But the Radio)"..comment "Way Out", written by Per Gessle and performed by Swedish pop duo Roxette, is the third single released from their eighth studio album Charm School. It was released solely in Germany and Austria, who decided to release another uptempo single, following the success of "She's Got Nothing On (But the Radio)"..
3/6	==DB== Way Out.producer Gavin MacKillop, Lee Mavers.Go! Discs.length 161.0.released 1987-11-02.recorded 1987.bSide "Knock Me Down".bSide "Endless".nextSingle "There She Goes".Way Out (The La's song)."Way Out" is the debut single by The La's, released on 2 November 1987 after signing to Go! Discs Records..comment "Way Out" is the debut single by The La's, released on 2 November 1987 after signing to Go! Discs Records..
4/6	==DB== Way Out!.RLP 12-274.length 2571.0.lastAlbum Johnny Griffin Sextet.nextAlbum The Little Giant.recorded New York City.recorded --02-26.Way Out!.Way Out! is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin, released on the Riverside label in 1958..comment Way Out! is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin, released on the Riverside label in 1958..
5/6	==DB== director William Corrigan.director Paul Bosner.writer Nicholas Pryor.writer Jerome Ross.writer Phil Reisman, Jr..writer Irving Gaynor Neiman.runtime 25.themeMusicComposer Tod Docksteader.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 14.pictureFormat 4.firstAired 1961-03-31.lastAired 1961-07-14.Way Out (TV series).Way Out (note that the on-screen title begins with an apostrophe) is a 1961 fantasy and science fiction television anthology series hosted by writer Roald Dahl. The macabre, black-and-white, 25-minute shows were introduced by Dahl, his face projected in a disconcerting hall of mirrors effect, dryly delivering a brief introductory monologue, expounding on such unusual subjects as undertakers or frogs or murdering a romantic rival with ground tiger's whiskers. The taped series began because CBS needed a replacement for a Jackie Gleason talk show that network executives were about to cancel, and producer David Susskind contacted Dahl to help mount a show quickly. The series was paired by the network with the similar The Twilight Zone for Friday evening broadcasts, running from March through July 1961 at 9:30 p.m. Eastern time. The show's primary sponsor was Liggett & Myers (L&M cigarettes). Writers included Philip H. Reisman, Jr. and Sumner Locke Elliott. The premiere episode, "William and Mary", adapted from a Roald Dahl short story, told of a wife getting revenge on her husband. In "Dissolve to Black", an actress (Kathleen Widdoes) cast as a murder victim at a television studio goes through a rehearsal, but the drama merges with reality as she finds herself trapped on the show's near-deserted set. Other dramas offered startling imagery: a snake slithering up a carpeted staircase inside a suburban home, a disembodied brain in a jar ("William and Mary"), a headless woman strapped to an electric chair, with a light bulb in place of her head ("Side Show") and half of a man's face erased ("Soft Focus"). Actors on the series included Martin Balsam, Michael Conrad, Mildred Dunnock, Murray Hamilton, Martin Huston, Henry Jones, Mark Lenard, Kevin McCarthy, John McGiver, Barry Morse, Richard Thomas, Doris Roberts, and Fritz Weaver. Critical notices at the time were extremely good, especially for Dahl's comedic commentaries. While the series garnered high ratings in urban areas, it fared poorly in the hinterlands and was canceled after 14 episodes. The show was one of the last weekly dramatic television series produced in New York City. Only five episodes have ever turned up on [bootleg] videocassettes and none on DVD, but the entire run is available for viewing at the Paley Center for Media in New York and Los Angeles. The episodes are owned by Susskind's estate. Dahl later hosted an anthology series called Tales of the Unexpected on British television beginning in 1979..comment Way Out (note that the on-screen title begins with an apostrophe) is a 1961 fantasy and science fiction television anthology series hosted by writer Roald Dahl. The macabre, black-and-white, 25-minute shows were introduced by Dahl, his face projected in a disconcerting hall of mirrors effect, dryly delivering a brief introductory monologue, expounding on such unusual subjects as undertakers or frogs or murdering a romantic rival with ground tiger's whiskers. The premiere episode, "William and Mary", adapted from a Roald Dahl short story, told of a wife getting revenge on her husband..
6/6	==DB== Way Out.runtime 6120.0.Way Out (film).Way Out is a 1967 film directed by Irvin Yeaworth. It stars Franklin Rodríguez and Sharyn Jimenez..comment Way Out is a 1967 film directed by Irvin Yeaworth. It stars Franklin Rodríguez and Sharyn Jimenez..
===244	welcome back	9
1/9	==DB== Welcome Back.producer The Movement, Rick Rock, Tyrice Jones, Chad Hamilton, Brass 'n Blues.length 2970.0.released --08-24.lastAlbum Double Up.Welcome Back (Mase album).Welcome Back is the third studio album by Harlem rapper Mase, released August 24, 2004. The album debuted at #4 on the charts, selling 188,000 copies in the first week; the album would eventually go Gold, selling 559,000 copies in the United States..comment Welcome Back is the third studio album by Harlem rapper Mase, released August 24, 2004. The album debuted at #4 on the charts, selling 188,000 copies in the first week; the album would eventually go Gold, selling 559,000 copies in the United States..
2/9	==DB== Welcome Back.producer Steve Barri, John Sebastian.writer John Sebastian.length 171.0.format 7.0.bSide "Warm Baby".certification Gold.Welcome Back (John Sebastian song)."Welcome Back" is a popular record that was the theme song of the 1970s American television sitcom Welcome Back, Kotter. Written and recorded by former Lovin' Spoonful frontman John Sebastian, it reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for one week in May 1976 after only five weeks on the chart, and also topped the adult contemporary chart. (The show itself had become an instant ratings success upon its premiere the previous fall.) It also reached #93 on the country chart..comment "Welcome Back" is a popular record that was the theme song of the 1970s American television sitcom Welcome Back, Kotter. Written and recorded by former Lovin' Spoonful frontman John Sebastian, it reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for one week in May 1976 after only five weeks on the chart, and also topped the adult contemporary chart. (The show itself had become an instant ratings success upon its premiere the previous fall.) It also reached #93 on the country chart..
3/9	==DB== Welcome Back.genre *.released 2015-12-24.Welcome Back (iKon album).Welcome Back is the first studio album by South Korean male group iKON, produced by iKON's leader B.I. The full album was initially planned to be released on November 2, 2015. On the October 27, 2015, YG Entertainment made a re-scheduling announcement stating that the release of the full album will be delayed and released on December 24, 2015, along with additional music videos than previously planned. In the meantime, two digital singles along with two accompanying music videos will be released on November 16. According to the Gaon Music Charts, iKON topped the weekly album sales charts at the No. 1 position with their Debut Half Album - Welcome Back for the first time for the period 2015.10.04 to 2015.10.10. The first single, My Type in was released on September 15, and became a huge success, reaching to sell about 1.6 million copies in Korean and becoming one of the best selling singles of 2015..comment Welcome Back is the first studio album by South Korean male group iKON, produced by iKON's leader B.I. The full album was initially planned to be released on November 2, 2015. On the October 27, 2015, YG Entertainment made a re-scheduling announcement stating that the release of the full album will be delayed and released on December 24, 2015, along with additional music videos than previously planned. In the meantime, two digital singles along with two accompanying music videos will be released on November 16..
4/9	==DB== Welcome Back.producer Steve Barri, John Sebastian.length 1975.0.released 1976-04-19.Welcome Back (John Sebastian album).Welcome Back is an album by American singer/songwriter John Sebastian, released in 1976 (see 1976 in music). It reached number 79 on The Billboard 200 chart. Two singles were released from the album with the title song "Welcome Back" reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts. It also reached number 93 on the Country Singles chart. The second single, "Hideaway" peaked at number 95 on the Billboard Hot 100..comment Welcome Back is an album by American singer/songwriter John Sebastian, released in 1976 (see 1976 in music). It reached number 79 on The Billboard 200 chart. Two singles were released from the album with the title song "Welcome Back" reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts. It also reached number 93 on the Country Singles chart. The second single, "Hideaway" peaked at number 95 on the Billboard Hot 100..
5/9	==DB== Welcome Back.length 225.0.length 262.0.released 2004-05-25.format 12.0.bSide "Breathe, Stretch, Shake".certification Gold.lastSingle "Get Ready".nextSingle "Breathe, Stretch, Shake".Welcome Back (Mase song)."Welcome Back" is a song by American rapper Mase. It was released as the first single off his third studio album Welcome Back. It's the first single that Mase released in five years since 1999's "Get Ready". The song was produced by The Movement (Corron Cole, James Bunton) and samples "Welcome Back", the theme from the TV show Welcome Back, Kotter by John Sebastian. "Welcome Back" garnered a positive reception from critics. The song peaked at number 32 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 8 on the Hot Rap Songs chart. It also reached number 17 on both the Hot Rap Songs and Rhythmic charts respectively. The song has been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting sales of over 500,000 units in the United States. "Welcome Back" also reached the top 40 in countries like New Zealand, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The accompanying music video for the song, directed by Chris Robinson, parodies the opening to the children's show Mister Rogers' Neighborhood..comment "Welcome Back" is a song by American rapper Mase. It was released as the first single off his third studio album Welcome Back. It's the first single that Mase released in five years since 1999's "Get Ready". The song was produced by The Movement (Corron Cole, James Bunton) and samples "Welcome Back", the theme from the TV show Welcome Back, Kotter by John Sebastian. The accompanying music video for the song, directed by Chris Robinson, parodies the opening to the children's show Mister Rogers' Neighborhood..
6/9	==DB== Welcome Back.screenplay Praful Parekh.screenplay Rajiv Kaul.screenplay Rajan Aggarwal.runtime 9120.0.released 2015-08-06.lastAlbum Dum Laga Ke Haisha.nextAlbum Hera Pheri 3.Welcome Back (film).Welcome Back is an Indian action comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala, released in 2015. It is a sequel to Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Anil Kapoor, Nana Patekar, John Abraham, Shruti Haasan, Paresh Rawal, Dimple Kapadia and Naseeruddin Shah. While Kapoor, Patekar and Rawal have reprised their roles from the 2007 film, Abraham and Hassan are new additions to the lead cast. Made on a budget of US$16 million, the film was largely shot in and around Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Welcome Back was released worldwide on 4 September 2015..comment Welcome Back is an Indian action comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala, released in 2015. It is a sequel to Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Anil Kapoor, Nana Patekar, John Abraham, Shruti Haasan, Paresh Rawal, Dimple Kapadia and Naseeruddin Shah. While Kapoor, Patekar and Rawal have reprised their roles from the 2007 film, Abraham and Hassan are new additions to the lead cast. Made on a budget of US$16 million, the film was largely shot in and around Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Welcome Back was released worldwide on 4 September 2015..
7/9	==SS== 
8/9	==DB== Welcome Back, Brotter.Welcome Back, Brotter is a television series broadcast on butv10 on Boston University's campus. The show follows the misadventures of two loser college roommates on the quest for popularity in their big city school..comment Welcome Back, Brotter is a television series broadcast on butv10 on Boston University's campus. The show follows the misadventures of two loser college roommates on the quest for popularity in their big city school..
9/9	==DB== runtime 1800.0.filename John Sebastian-Welcome-1976.ogg.title Welcome Back, Kotter theme song,.description from Welcome Back by John B. Sebastian, Reprise Records 1976. Sample from The Best of John Sebastian, Rhino Entertainment/WEA Corp., 1989, 1990.creator Alan Sacks.showName Welcome Back, Kotter.starring Melonie Haller.starring Stephen Shortridge.numSeasons 4.numEpisodes 95.company The Komack Company.firstAired 1975-09-09.lastAired 1979-05-17.opentheme "Welcome Back".opentheme performed by John Sebastian.Welcome Back, Kotter.Welcome Back, Kotter is an American sitcom starring Gabe Kaplan as a wisecracking, high school teacher in charge of a racially and ethnically diverse remedial class called the "Sweathogs." It marked John Travolta's television debut role. Recorded in front of a live studio audience, it originally aired on ABC from September 9, 1975, to May 17, 1979..comment Welcome Back, Kotter is an American sitcom starring Gabe Kaplan as a wisecracking, high school teacher in charge of a racially and ethnically diverse remedial class called the "Sweathogs." It marked John Travolta's television debut role. Recorded in front of a live studio audience, it originally aired on ABC from September 9, 1975, to May 17, 1979..
===245	zoom out	38
1/38	==DB== Zoom (2015 Canadian film).
2/38	==DB== Zoom climb.A zoom climb is a climb where the rate of climb is greater than the maximum for a sustained climb, as determined from the thrust of the aircraft's engines. Before a zoom climb, the aircraft accelerates to a high air speed at an altitude at which it can operate in sustained level flight. The pilot then pulls steeply upward, trading the kinetic energy of forward motion for altitude. During these maneuvers the engine is in full thrust. The aircraft gains potential energy (altitude) at the expense of kinetic energy (forward motion). This is different from a steady climb, where the increase in potential energy comes from mechanical work done by the engines, rather than from the aircraft's kinetic energy. In a demonstration of their performance, English Electric Lightning fighter aircraft have sometimes used zoom climbs to climb above a Lockheed U-2 (which cruises at an altitude above the Lightning's service ceiling), before pouncing on it from above. During the Second World War, MiG-3 pilots utilized zoom climbs and subsequent descents to maintain a speed advantage over German fighters. Zoom climbs have been used to test new aircraft designs and conduct research in different flight regimes. During the proving phase of the McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II, on December 6, 1959, an early version of the aircraft (the XF4H-1) performed a zoom climb to a world record 98,557 feet (30,040 m) as part of Operation `Top Flight'. The previous record of 94,658 feet (28,852 m) was set by a Soviet Sukhoi T-43-1 prototype. Commander Lawrence E. Flint Jr. accelerated his aircraft to Mach 2.5 at 47,000 feet (14,330 m) and climbed to 90,000 feet (27,430 m) at a 45-degree angle. He then shut down the engines and glided to the peak altitude. As the aircraft fell through 70,000 feet (21,300 m), Flint restarted the engines and resumed normal flight. An NF-104A Starfighter fitted with an additional rocket engine was also regularly used in zoom climb research for future spaceflight. On May 7, 1958, the aircraft reached an altitude of 91,249 feet (27.81 km) in a zoom climb at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif., setting a new altitude record. The Mach 2 mission took the airplane so high that the standard F-104’s jet engines routinely exceeded their temperature limits and had to be shut down. Sometimes the engine simply flamed out for lack of air. Then the pilot steered the aircraft like a returning spaceship to a lower altitude, where he would restart the engine. It was on one such "zoom climb" flight that test pilot Chuck Yeager was nearly killed flying a heavily modified F-104 on December 10, 1963. On 25 July 1973, A. Fedotov reached 35,230m (115,600 feet) in a Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-25 with 1,000 kg payload, and 36,240 m (118,900 feet) with no load (an absolute world record). In the thin air, the engines flamed out and the aircraft coasted in a ballistic trajectory by inertia alone. At the apex the speed had dropped to 75 km/h. Without engine power, the cockpit would depressurize on these missions. Consequently, for protection against the rarified atmosphere, the pilot wore a full-body pressure suit. Properly outfitted with an airtight helmet and suit the pilot received breathing oxygen without ill effects..comment A zoom climb is a climb where the rate of climb is greater than the maximum for a sustained climb, as determined from the thrust of the aircraft's engines. Before a zoom climb, the aircraft accelerates to a high air speed at an altitude at which it can operate in sustained level flight. The pilot then pulls steeply upward, trading the kinetic energy of forward motion for altitude. During these maneuvers the engine is in full thrust. The aircraft gains potential energy (altitude) at the expense of kinetic energy (forward motion). This is different from a steady climb, where the increase in potential energy comes from mechanical work done by the engines, rather than from the aircraft's kinetic energy..
3/38	==DB== Zooming (writing skill).Zooming is a common writing skill especially used in descriptive writing that gives the reader the feeling of moving through space towards or away from a character or object. It can be divided into two types, zooming in and zooming out..comment Zooming is a common writing skill especially used in descriptive writing that gives the reader the feeling of moving through space towards or away from a character or object. It can be divided into two types, zooming in and zooming out..
4/38	==DB== pictureFormat 4.sisterNames MN+Movies Now 2.slogan India's No. 1 Bollywood Channel.launch 2004-09-20.Zoom (TV channel).Zoom is an Indian glamour and entertainment television channel primarily covering Bollywood and based in Mumbai. The channel was launched in September 2004 and caters primarily to urban audiences. It started out as a music/Bollywood/serial channel, but pulled serials quite quickly off the air, within months it was a music+Bollywoood news channel. It would air most hip songs at the time. It got popular amongst youth for airing hot videos like Ghar Jayegi (Baby Doll Hot Ones) and Ek Pardesi Mera Dil Le Gaya (Baby Love Remix).It is a part of The Times Group, one of India's largest media conglomerates. An internet pioneer, it has been available on mobile internet since March 2009. Zoom is available across 60 countries worldwide along with a huge digital presence, making it the one stop shop for everything related to Bollywood..comment Zoom is an Indian glamour and entertainment television channel primarily covering Bollywood and based in Mumbai. The channel was launched in September 2004 and caters primarily to urban audiences. It started out as a music/Bollywood/serial channel, but pulled serials quite quickly off the air, within months it was a music+Bollywoood news channel. It would air most hip songs at the time. It got popular amongst youth for airing hot videos like Ghar Jayegi (Baby Doll Hot Ones) and Ek Pardesi Mera Dil Le Gaya (Baby Love Remix).It is a part of The Times Group, one of India's largest media conglomerates. An internet pioneer, it has been available on mobile internet since March 2009. Zoom is available across 60 countries worldwide along with a huge digital presence, making it the one stop shop fo.
5/38	==DB== Zooming (filmmaking).Zooming in filmmaking and television production refers to the technique of changing the focal length of a zoom lens (and hence the angle of view) during a shot – this technique is also called a zoom. The technique allows a change from close-up to wide shot (or vice versa) during a shot, giving a cinematographic degree of freedom. Zooming can either be performed towards longer focal lengths, giving a "zoom in" effect: The filmed object will then increase in apparent size, and fewer objects become visible on film. Or it is performed towards shorter focal lengths, giving a "zoom out" effect: The filmed object will shrink in apparent size, and more objects come into view. The speed of the zoom allows for a further degree of cinematographic freedom. Combined with a dolly camera move it is possible to create the dolly zoom effect. A noticeable cinematographic example for the use of slow zooms is the 1975 film Barry Lyndon by Stanley Kubrick..comment Zooming in filmmaking and television production refers to the technique of changing the focal length of a zoom lens (and hence the angle of view) during a shot – this technique is also called a zoom. The technique allows a change from close-up to wide shot (or vice versa) during a shot, giving a cinematographic degree of freedom. The speed of the zoom allows for a further degree of cinematographic freedom. Combined with a dolly camera move it is possible to create the dolly zoom effect..
6/38	==DB== Zoom Telephonics.Zoom Telephonics, Inc. (OTCQB: ZMTP) designs, produces, and markets communication products, with emphasis on Internet access products and WiFi products. Its highest volume product category is cable modems, which it sells primarily through high-volume retailers including Amazon, Best Buy, Target, and WalMart. Zoom also produces WiFi products, dial-up modems, ADSL modems, and cellular data products..comment Zoom Telephonics, Inc. (OTCQB: ZMTP) designs, produces, and markets communication products, with emphasis on Internet access products and WiFi products. Its highest volume product category is cable modems, which it sells primarily through high-volume retailers including Amazon, Best Buy, Target, and WalMart. Zoom also produces WiFi products, dial-up modems, ADSL modems, and cellular data products..
7/38	==DB== Bergen op Zoom.elevationM 10.postalCode 4600.areaCode 164.utcOffset +1.utcOffsetDst +2.Bergen op Zoom.Bergen op Zoom (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈbɛrɣə(n) ɔp ˈsoːm] ; called Berrege [ˈbɛrəɣə] in the local dialect) is a municipality and a city located in the south of the Netherlands..comment Bergen op Zoom (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈbɛrɣə(n) ɔp ˈsoːm] ; called Berrege [ˈbɛrəɣə] in the local dialect) is a municipality and a city located in the south of the Netherlands..
8/38	==DB== Zoom.writer Len Barry, Bobby Eli.length 318.0.format 7.0.Zoom (Fat Larry's Band song)."Zoom" is an R&B song by American band Fat Larry's Band released as the fourth single from their fifth studio album, Breakin' Out (1982). The song was a commercial hit in the United Kingdom, peaking at #2 on the UK Singles Chart. It remains one of the group's best-known songs. The song was featured in the popular British sitcom Only Fools And Horses 1982 Christmas Special episode "Diamonds Are For Heather". It was played during a montage where Del Boy courts Heather and takes her around famous London landmarks. Note 1.comment "Zoom" is an R&B song by American band Fat Larry's Band released as the fourth single from their fifth studio album, Breakin' Out (1982). The song was a commercial hit in the United Kingdom, peaking at #2 on the UK Singles Chart. It remains one of the group's best-known songs. The song was featured in the popular British sitcom Only Fools And Horses 1982 Christmas Special episode "Diamonds Are For Heather". It was played during a montage where Del Boy courts Heather and takes her around famous London landmarks. Note 1.
9/38	==DB== ZoomShops.
10/38	==DB== Zoom (comics).
11/38	==SS== To decrease the focal length of a zoom lens in order to obtain a reduced magnification of the image, or a wider-angle view.
12/38	==DB== Zoom lens.A zoom lens is a mechanical assembly of lens elements for which the focal length (and thus angle of view) can be varied, as opposed to a fixed focal length (FFL) lens (see prime lens). A true zoom lens, also called a parfocal lens, is one that maintains focus when its focal length changes. A lens that loses focus during zooming is more properly called a varifocal lens. Despite being marketed as zoom lenses, virtually all consumer lenses with variable focal lengths use varifocal design. The convenience of variable focal length comes at the cost of complexity - and some compromises on image quality, weight, dimensions, aperture, autofocus performance, and cost. For example, all zoom lenses suffer from at least slight, if not considerable, loss of image resolution at their maximum aperture, especially at the extremes of their focal length range. This effect is evident in the corners of the image, when displayed in a large format or high resolution. The greater the range of focal length a zoom lens offers, the more exaggerated these compromises must become..comment A zoom lens is a mechanical assembly of lens elements for which the focal length (and thus angle of view) can be varied, as opposed to a fixed focal length (FFL) lens (see prime lens). A true zoom lens, also called a parfocal lens, is one that maintains focus when its focal length changes. A lens that loses focus during zooming is more properly called a varifocal lens. Despite being marketed as zoom lenses, virtually all consumer lenses with variable focal lengths use varifocal design..
13/38	==DB== ZOOM Inc..foundation May 1988.Zoom (company).ZOOM Inc. (Japanese: 株式会社ズーム Hepburn: Kabushiki gaisha Zūmu) is a Japanese video game company based in Sapporo, Japan..comment ZOOM Inc. (Japanese: 株式会社ズーム Hepburn: Kabushiki gaisha Zūmu) is a Japanese video game company based in Sapporo, Japan..
14/38	==DB== Zoom Systems.ZoomSystems specializes in the design, technology, software development, and operation of automated retail stores. ZoomSystems technology and services support automated, self-service retail stores called ZoomShops located in airports, malls, military bases and retailers. ZoomSystems service offerings include location procurement, supply chain integration, inventory management, account management, creative services and project management. The company has partnered with well-known brands to open over 1,000 ZoomShops across the U.S., Europe and Japan. ZoomSystems has partnered with companies such as Best Buy, Apple, Macy's, Proactiv Solution, Procter & Gamble and Max Wellness. Product types currently offered in ZoomShops include consumer electronics, cosmetics, wireless accessories and personal health products. ZoomSystems corporate headquarters is located in San Francisco, California..comment ZoomSystems specializes in the design, technology, software development, and operation of automated retail stores. ZoomSystems technology and services support automated, self-service retail stores called ZoomShops located in airports, malls, military bases and retailers. Product types currently offered in ZoomShops include consumer electronics, cosmetics, wireless accessories and personal health products. ZoomSystems corporate headquarters is located in San Francisco, California..
15/38	==DB== Zoom.producer Dr. Dre.writer Tupac Shakur.writer Stocks McGuire.length 255.0.released 1998-10-17.artist Dr. Dre and LL Cool J.format 12.0.lastSingle "Ghetto Fabulous".nextSingle "Guilty Conscience".Zoom (Dr. Dre song)."Zoom" is a single by American rappers Dr. Dre and LL Cool J, recorded for and taken from the soundtrack to the film Bulworth..comment "Zoom" is a single by American rappers Dr. Dre and LL Cool J, recorded for and taken from the soundtrack to the film Bulworth..
16/38	==DB== ZOOM.slogan "Whatever You Want".launch 2012-12-02.launch 2013-06-03.ZOOM (Israel).ZOOM is an Israeli kids cable television channel. It launched on December 2, 2012 (HOT) and launched on June 3, 2013 (Yes). It is owned by Imagine Media..comment ZOOM is an Israeli kids cable television channel. It launched on December 2, 2012 (HOT) and launched on June 3, 2013 (Yes). It is owned by Imagine Media..
17/38	==DB== Zoom Zoom (disambiguation).
18/38	==DB== Zoom.length 2616.0.released 2001-06-12.lastAlbum The Ultimate Collection.nextAlbum The Electric Light Orchestra (First Light Series).Zoom (Electric Light Orchestra album).Zoom is the twelfth studio album by British symphonic rock band Electric Light Orchestra (ELO), released on 12 June 2001 on Epic Records. It was the first official ELO album since 1986's Balance of Power..comment Zoom is the twelfth studio album by British symphonic rock band Electric Light Orchestra (ELO), released on 12 June 2001 on Epic Records. It was the first official ELO album since 1986's Balance of Power..
19/38	==DB== Billy Zoom.birthDate 1948-02-20.birthName Tyson Kindell.background non_vocal_instrumentalist.Billy Zoom.Billy Zoom (born Tyson Kindell on February 20, 1948, in Savanna, Illinois) is an American guitarist, best known as one of the founders of the punk rock band X. He is an Anaheim resident and owns the Billy Zoom Custom Shop near Old Towne Orange. The 67-year-old was diagnosed in 2015 with an aggressive form of bladder cancer and began immediate treatment.  He has since stated that he is "cancer-free" but will continue receiving chemotherapy treatments..comment Billy Zoom (born Tyson Kindell on February 20, 1948, in Savanna, Illinois) is an American guitarist, best known as one of the founders of the punk rock band X. He is an Anaheim resident and owns the Billy Zoom Custom Shop near Old Towne Orange. The 67-year-old was diagnosed in 2015 with an aggressive form of bladder cancer and began immediate treatment.  He has since stated that he is "cancer-free" but will continue receiving chemotherapy treatments..
20/38	==DB== ZOOM Erlebniswelt Gelsenkirchen.The ZOOM Erlebniswelt Gelsenkirchen, founded on April 14, 1949, as "Ruhr-Zoo", is one of the most modern zoological gardens in Germany. It was founded on a heavily shelled area besides a port at Rhein-Herne-Kanal. First size was 15.5 hectares. First years animals were changing often, because they were provided by an animal trader. Now the park is owned by the City of Gelsenkirchen via GEW – Gesellschaft für Energie und Wirtschaft mbH, (society for energy and business, a holding of municipal ownership) After 2004 the park was enlarged to the present size. It is especially well known for its panoramas and cultural approach.The main attractions are big animals, mostly mammals; the zoo has no aquarium house, insectarium or other facilities prone to smaller animals. The number prior to 2005 reflects average visitor frequency of the old Ruhr-Zoo..comment The ZOOM Erlebniswelt Gelsenkirchen, founded on April 14, 1949, as "Ruhr-Zoo", is one of the most modern zoological gardens in Germany. It was founded on a heavily shelled area besides a port at Rhein-Herne-Kanal. First size was 15.5 hectares. First years animals were changing often, because they were provided by an animal trader. Now the park is owned by the City of Gelsenkirchen via GEW – Gesellschaft für Energie und Wirtschaft mbH, (society for energy and business, a holding of municipal ownership) After 2004 the park was enlarged to the present size..
21/38	==DB== Zoom.producer *.producer * Todd Garner.screenplay *.screenplay * David Berenbaum.runtime 5280.0.starring *.budget 3.5E7.gross 1.25E7.Zoom (2006 film).Zoom (also known as Zoom: Academy for Superheroes) is a 2006 American family science fiction superhero action-adventure comedy film based upon the children's book Amazing Adventures from Zoom's Academy by Jason Lethcoe. Directed by Peter Hewitt, the film stars Tim Allen, Kate Mara, Spencer Breslin, Michael Cassidy, Kevin Zegers, Courteney Cox, Chevy Chase, Ryan Newman, and Rip Torn. It was written by Adam Rifkin and David Berenbaum. It was theatrically released on August 8, 2006 by Columbia Pictures. The film received negative reviews from critics, earned $12.5 million on a $35 million budget and was a box office bomb. Zoom was nominated for one Razzie Award, Worst Actor for Tim Allen (also nominated for The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause and The Shaggy Dog), but he lost to Marlon and Shawn Wayans for Little Man. Zoom was released on DVD on February 13, 2007 by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment..comment Zoom (also known as Zoom: Academy for Superheroes) is a 2006 American family science fiction superhero action-adventure comedy film based upon the children's book Amazing Adventures from Zoom's Academy by Jason Lethcoe. Directed by Peter Hewitt, the film stars Tim Allen, Kate Mara, Spencer Breslin, Michael Cassidy, Kevin Zegers, Courteney Cox, Chevy Chase, Ryan Newman, and Rip Torn. It was written by Adam Rifkin and David Berenbaum. It was theatrically released on August 8, 2006 by Columbia Pictures. The film received negative reviews from critics, earned $12.5 million on a $35 million budget and was a box office bomb. Zoom was nominated for one Razzie Award, Worst Actor for Tim Allen (also nominated for The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause and The Shaggy Dog), but he lost to Marlon and S.
22/38	==DB== Zoom.length 283.0.released 2006-09-29.artist Lil Boosie featuring Yung Joc.nextSingle "Wipe Me Down".Zoom (Lil Boosie song)."Zoom" is a single from American rapper Lil Boosie. It is the first single from his album, Bad Azz. The song features Yung Joc, and is written by J. "Mouse" Allen, J. Robinson, and T. Hatch. The single debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 78 after spending several weeks under the top 100. It peaked at number 25 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and 14 on the Hot Rap Tracks chart. The video had heavy rotation on BET and had been on 106 & Park peaking at number 1 on the top 10 chart. The video featured Yung Joc's dance "The Joc-In". The beat of this song was used by Lil Wayne on Da Drought 3 titled "Boom", Chamillionaire also used the beat on Mixtape Messiah 2 with his version, "International Money"..comment "Zoom" is a single from American rapper Lil Boosie. It is the first single from his album, Bad Azz. The song features Yung Joc, and is written by J. "Mouse" Allen, J. Robinson, and T. Hatch. The single debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 78 after spending several weeks under the top 100. It peaked at number 25 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and 14 on the Hot Rap Tracks chart. The video had heavy rotation on BET and had been on 106 & Park peaking at number 1 on the top 10 chart. The video featured Yung Joc's dance "The Joc-In"..
23/38	==DB== Digital zoom.Digital zoom is a method of decreasing the apparent angle of view of a digital photographic or video image. Digital zoom is accomplished by cropping an image down to a centered area with the same aspect ratio as the original, and usually also interpolating the result back up to the pixel dimensions of the original. It is accomplished electronically, with no adjustment of the camera's optics, and no optical resolution is gained in the process. When comparing the image quality achieved by digital zoom with image quality achieved by resizing the image in post-processing, there's a difference between cameras that perform potentially lossy image compression like JPEG and those that save images in an always lossless Raw image format. In the former case, digital zoom tends to be superior to enlargement in post-processing, because the camera may apply its interpolation before detail is lost to compression. In the latter case, resizing in post-production yields results equal or superior to digital zoom. Modest camera phones use only digital zoom and have no optical zoom at all. Usually cameras have an optical zoom lens, but apply digital zoom automatically once its longest optical focal length has been reached. Professional cameras generally do not feature digital zoom..comment Digital zoom is a method of decreasing the apparent angle of view of a digital photographic or video image. Digital zoom is accomplished by cropping an image down to a centered area with the same aspect ratio as the original, and usually also interpolating the result back up to the pixel dimensions of the original. It is accomplished electronically, with no adjustment of the camera's optics, and no optical resolution is gained in the process..
24/38	==DB== Zoom (carsharing).
25/38	==DB== Page zooming.In computing, page zooming is the ability to zoom in and out a document or image at page level. It is usually found in applications related to document layout and publishing, e.g. word processing and spreadsheet programs, but it can also be found in web browsers as it improves accessibility for people with visual impairment and people using mobile devices, such as PDAs and mobiles which have a relatively small screen..comment In computing, page zooming is the ability to zoom in and out a document or image at page level. It is usually found in applications related to document layout and publishing, e.g. word processing and spreadsheet programs, but it can also be found in web browsers as it improves accessibility for people with visual impairment and people using mobile devices, such as PDAs and mobiles which have a relatively small screen..
26/38	==DB== icao UKZ.airline Zoom Airlines Limited.iata ZX.Zoom Airlines Limited.Zoom Airlines Ltd was a British scheduled, low-fare, transatlantic airline, the sister company to Zoom Airlines Inc. based in Canada. Zoom Airlines Ltd was based in Crawley, West Sussex, England. Zoom Airlines Ltd operated year-round scheduled services to the United States, United Kingdom, Bermuda, as well as charter services to Asia, South America and the Caribbean destinations with several European tour operators. Zoom Airlines Limited held a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence (Number OL/A/540), which permitted it to carry passengers, cargo, and mail on aircraft with 20 or more seats. On 28 August 2008 Zoom suspended all operations and filed for bankruptcy protection due to deteriorating financial position..comment Zoom Airlines Ltd was a British scheduled, low-fare, transatlantic airline, the sister company to Zoom Airlines Inc. based in Canada. Zoom Airlines Ltd was based in Crawley, West Sussex, England. Zoom Airlines Ltd operated year-round scheduled services to the United States, United Kingdom, Bermuda, as well as charter services to Asia, South America and the Caribbean destinations with several European tour operators. On 28 August 2008 Zoom suspended all operations and filed for bankruptcy protection due to deteriorating financial position..
27/38	==DB== Zoom (game).
28/38	==DB== ZOOM (1999 TV series).
29/38	==DB== Zoom.screenplay Prashant Raj.runtime 9540.0.language Kannada.released 2016-03-25.lastAlbum Chakravyuha.nextAlbum Sarainodu.Zoom (2016 film).Zoom is a 2016 Indian Kannada romantic comedy film directed by Prashant Raj starring Ganesh and Radhika Pandit in the lead roles. The supporting cast features Dev Gill, Sadhu Kokila and Kashinath. The music is scored by S. Thaman and cinematography is by Santhosh Rai Pathaje. The film released on 1 July 2016 across Karnataka and other countries. Upon release, the film faced criticism for its adulterated comedy and also for its plot copying from decades old Hollywood classic Lover Come Back (1961)..comment Zoom is a 2016 Indian Kannada romantic comedy film directed by Prashant Raj starring Ganesh and Radhika Pandit in the lead roles. The supporting cast features Dev Gill, Sadhu Kokila and Kashinath. The music is scored by S. Thaman and cinematography is by Santhosh Rai Pathaje. The film released on 1 July 2016 across Karnataka and other countries. Upon release, the film faced criticism for its adulterated comedy and also for its plot copying from decades old Hollywood classic Lover Come Back (1961)..
30/38	==DB== icao OOM.airline Zoom Airlines Inc..iata Z4.ceased 2008-08-28.Zoom Airlines.Zoom Airlines Inc. was a Canadian low-fare scheduled transatlantic airline with its headquarters in the Place Bell Canada building in Ottawa, Ontario. Zoom operated year-round scheduled services to Europe, and charter services to South America, Caribbean, and Southern United States destinations with Canadian tour operators. Zoom ceased all operations and filed for bankruptcy protection on August 28, 2008 because of its deteriorating financial position. Zoom Airlines was organised as two units - Zoom Airlines Ltd., administered by PKF and Zoom Airlines Inc with Doyle Salewski Inc as Trustees..comment Zoom Airlines Inc. was a Canadian low-fare scheduled transatlantic airline with its headquarters in the Place Bell Canada building in Ottawa, Ontario. Zoom operated year-round scheduled services to Europe, and charter services to South America, Caribbean, and Southern United States destinations with Canadian tour operators. Zoom ceased all operations and filed for bankruptcy protection on August 28, 2008 because of its deteriorating financial position. Zoom Airlines was organised as two units - Zoom Airlines Ltd., administered by PKF and Zoom Airlines Inc with Doyle Salewski Inc as Trustees..
31/38	==DB== Zoom.released 1998-07-14.lastAlbum Serious Fun.nextAlbum Normal as the Next Guy.Zoom (The Knack album).Zoom an album released by The Knack in 1998. It marked a second attempted comeback by The Knack, after their first attempt in 1991 with Serious Fun fizzled. Terry Bozzio served as the drummer on the album in place of The Knack's original drummer Bruce Gary. The album received positive reviews, including one that described it as the Knack's best effort since their debut album. The album was re-released several years later as Re-Zoom with three bonus tracks..comment Zoom an album released by The Knack in 1998. It marked a second attempted comeback by The Knack, after their first attempt in 1991 with Serious Fun fizzled. Terry Bozzio served as the drummer on the album in place of The Knack's original drummer Bruce Gary. The album received positive reviews, including one that described it as the Knack's best effort since their debut album. The album was re-released several years later as Re-Zoom with three bonus tracks..
32/38	==DB== Zoom (Chuck).
33/38	==DB== Zooming user interface.In computing, a zooming user interface or zoomable user interface (ZUI, pronounced zoo-ee) is a graphical environment where users can change the scale of the viewed area in order to see more detail or less, and browse through different documents. A ZUI is a type of graphical user interface (GUI). Information elements appear directly on an infinite virtual desktop (usually created using vector graphics), instead of in windows. Users can pan across the virtual surface in two dimensions and zoom into objects of interest. For example, as you zoom into a text object it may be represented as a small dot, then a thumbnail of a page of text, then a full-sized page and finally a magnified view of the page. ZUIs use zooming as the main metaphor for browsing through hyperlinked or multivariate information.Objects present inside a zoomed page can in turn be zoomed themselves to reveal further detail, allowing for recursive nesting and an arbitrary level of zoom. When the level of detail present in the resized object is changed to fit the relevant information into the current size, instead of being a proportional view of the whole object, it's called semantic zooming. Some consider the ZUI paradigm as a flexible and realistic successor to the traditional windowing GUI, being a Post-WIMP interface. But little effort is currently spent developing ZUIs, while there are ongoing efforts for developing other types of GUIs..comment In computing, a zooming user interface or zoomable user interface (ZUI, pronounced zoo-ee) is a graphical environment where users can change the scale of the viewed area in order to see more detail or less, and browse through different documents. A ZUI is a type of graphical user interface (GUI). Information elements appear directly on an infinite virtual desktop (usually created using vector graphics), instead of in windows. Users can pan across the virtual surface in two dimensions and zoom into objects of interest. For example, as you zoom into a text object it may be represented as a small dot, then a thumbnail of a page of text, then a full-sized page and finally a magnified view of the page..
34/38	==DB== Zoom Video Communications, Inc..foundation San Jose, California, U.S..numEmployees ~70.Zoom Video Communications.Zoom was founded in 2011 by engineers from the development teams of Cisco and its collaboration business unit, WebEx. The founder of Zoom, Eric S. Yuan, graduated from the Stanford University Executive Program and was previously Vice President of engineering at Cisco where he was responsible for collaboration software development. David Berman, the current standing President of Zoom, previously held the same position atop of Worldwide Sales and Services at WebEx Communications. The official launch of Zoom was in January 2013 and, as of May 2013, it had reached 1 million participants. During the first year of its release, Zoom has established partnerships with B2B collaboration software providers. Its partnership with Redbooth (which, at the time, was known as Teambox) played a role in adding a video component to its platform. Shortly after this partnership, Zoom created a program named "Works with Zoom", which established partnerships with multiple hardware and software vendors such as Logitech, Vaddio, and InFocus. Towards the end of the year, Zoom managed to have its software integrated into InterviewStream, a company that provides remote video interviewing capacity to employers. On December 11, 2013, Centrify Corporation partnered with Zoom to integrate Active Directory, access control, and single sign-on (SSO) compatibility with Zoom's application to its own customers. The partnership was known as the Centrify Alliance Partner Program. By March 17, 2014, Zoom added the capability for participants to join meetings by dialing into a toll-free PSTN number via its partnership with Voxbone. The release of version 3.5 later in the year added mobile screen sharing to mobile platforms running iOS. In June 2014, Zoom's participant count has grown to 10 million. As of February 2015, the number of participants utilizing Zoom Video Communication's chief product — Zoom Video Conferencing — has reached 40 million individuals, with 65,000 organizations subscribed. In addition to this, the company has surpassed 1 billion total meeting minutes across its entire service lifespan. On February 4, 2015, Zoom Video Communications has received $30 million in Series C funding. Participants in this funding round include Emergence Capital, Horizons Ventures (Li Ka-shing), Qualcomm Ventures, Jerry Yang, and Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong. In the same year, on the 15th of September, Zoom partnered with Salesforce to integrate video conferencing into the CRM platform, allowing salespeople to initiate such conferences with their leads without leaving the application. Shortly after this integration happened, on 3 November, David Berman — former president of RingCentral — has been named president of Zoom Video Communications. Peter Gassner — the founder and CEO of Veeva Systems — joined Zoom's board of directors on the same day. On February 2016, Zoom has opened a new office in Denver, Colorado. According to Eric S. Yuan—the company's CEO—the reason for this expansion was to take advantage of the state's "growing technology scene" and its central U.S. location. Later the same year, the company added Bask Iyer—VMware's CIO—as a business adviser..comment Zoom was founded in 2011 by engineers from the development teams of Cisco and its collaboration business unit, WebEx. The founder of Zoom, Eric S. Yuan, graduated from the Stanford University Executive Program and was previously Vice President of engineering at Cisco where he was responsible for collaboration software development. David Berman, the current standing President of Zoom, previously held the same position atop of Worldwide Sales and Services at WebEx Communications. The official launch of Zoom was in January 2013 and, as of May 2013, it had reached 1 million participants. During the first year of its release, Zoom has established partnerships with B2B collaboration software providers. Its partnership with Redbooth (which, at the time, was known as Teambox) played a role in addi.
35/38	==DB== Zoom Schwartz Profigliano.Zoom Schwartz Profigliano, also known as figliano, is a verbal "tag" drinking game with many variations. One player at a time is active ("it"). The active player states a command from a predefined set of words, which typically include "zoom," "schwartz," and "profigliano." The command shifts active status to another player, 'tagging' them. Play continues until a player fouls by giving a command when not active, by failing to give a command promptly when active, or in some cases by giving a command which is prohibited by the current state of the game. The game lends itself to bluffing where the active player uses nonverbal communication to suggest that someone else is active. In a high-speed game a player might give a command passing active status to one player while looking at a different player, confusing the situation..comment Zoom Schwartz Profigliano, also known as figliano, is a verbal "tag" drinking game with many variations. One player at a time is active ("it"). The active player states a command from a predefined set of words, which typically include "zoom," "schwartz," and "profigliano." The command shifts active status to another player, 'tagging' them. Play continues until a player fouls by giving a command when not active, by failing to give a command promptly when active, or in some cases by giving a command which is prohibited by the current state of the game. The game lends itself to bluffing where the active player uses nonverbal communication to suggest that someone else is active. In a high-speed game a player might give a command passing active status to one player while looking at a different .
36/38	==DB== Zoom (Noah23 album).
37/38	==DB== Zoom Corporation.Zoom is a Japanese audio company that is distributed in the U.S. under the name Zoom North America, in the UK by Zoom UK Distribution Limited, and in Germany by Sound Service GmbH. Zoom produces effects pedals for guitars and basses, recording equipment, and drum machines. The company has become known for producing Handheld recorders, audio for video solutions, inexpensive multi-effects and is building its products around its own microchip designs..comment Zoom is a Japanese audio company that is distributed in the U.S. under the name Zoom North America, in the UK by Zoom UK Distribution Limited, and in Germany by Sound Service GmbH. Zoom produces effects pedals for guitars and basses, recording equipment, and drum machines. The company has become known for producing Handheld recorders, audio for video solutions, inexpensive multi-effects and is building its products around its own microchip designs..
38/38	==DB== ZOOM (1972 TV series).
===246	apple tree	4
1/4	==SS== Any tree that bears apples, principally Malus domestica but also certain wild species.
2/4	==DB== The Apple Tree.book Sheldon Harnick.book Jerome Coopersmith.basis Mark Twain's.basis The Diary of Adam and Eve.basis Frank R. Stockton's The Lady or the Tiger?.basis Jules Feiffer's Passionella.The Apple Tree.The Apple Tree is a series of three musical playlets with music by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, and a book by Bock and Harnick with contributions from Jerome Coopersmith. Each act has its own storyline, but all three are tied together by a common theme (someone who believes that they want something, but once they get what they wanted they realize that it wasn't what they wanted) and common references, such as references to the color brown. The first act is based on Mark Twain's The Diary of Adam and Eve; the second act is based on Frank R. Stockton'sThe Lady or the Tiger?; the third act is based on Jules Feiffer's Passionella. The working title for the evening of three musicals was Come Back! Go Away! I Love You!.comment The Apple Tree is a series of three musical playlets with music by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, and a book by Bock and Harnick with contributions from Jerome Coopersmith. Each act has its own storyline, but all three are tied together by a common theme (someone who believes that they want something, but once they get what they wanted they realize that it wasn't what they wanted) and common references, such as references to the color brown. The first act is based on Mark Twain's The Diary of Adam and Eve; the second act is based on Frank R. Stockton'sThe Lady or the Tiger?; the third act is based on Jules Feiffer's Passionella. The working title for the evening of three musicals was Come Back! Go Away! I Love You!.
3/4	==SS== 
4/4	==DB== Apple.regnum Plantae.synonyms * Malus communis (Desf.) * Malus domestica (Borkh. nom. illeg.) * M. frutescens (Medik.) * M. paradisiaca ( Medikus) * M. sylvestris (Mil.) * Pyrus malus (L.) *Pyrus malus var. paradisiaca (L.) * Pyrus dioica (Moench).genus Malus.binomialAuthority Miller, 1768.Apple.The apple tree (Malus pumila, commonly and erroneously called Malus domestica) is a deciduous tree in the rose family best known for its sweet, pomaceous fruit, the apple. It is cultivated worldwide as a fruit tree, and is the most widely grown species in the genus Malus. The tree originated in Central Asia, where its wild ancestor, Malus sieversii, is still found today. Apples have been grown for thousands of years in Asia and Europe, and were brought to North America by European colonists. Apples have religious and mythological significance in many cultures, including Norse, Greek and European Christian traditions. Apple trees are large if grown from seed. Generally apple varieties are propagated by grafting onto rootstocks, which control the size of the resulting tree. There are more than 7,500 known cultivars of apples, resulting in a range of desired characteristics. Different cultivars are bred for various tastes and uses, including cooking, eating raw and cider production. Trees and fruit are prone to a number of fungal, bacterial and pest problems, which can be controlled by a number of organic and non-organic means. In 2010, the fruit's genome was sequenced as part of research on disease control and selective breeding in apple production. Worldwide production of apples in 2013 was 80.8 million tonnes, with China accounting for 49% of the total..comment The apple tree (Malus pumila, commonly and erroneously called Malus domestica) is a deciduous tree in the rose family best known for its sweet, pomaceous fruit, the apple. It is cultivated worldwide as a fruit tree, and is the most widely grown species in the genus Malus. The tree originated in Central Asia, where its wild ancestor, Malus sieversii, is still found today. Apples have been grown for thousands of years in Asia and Europe, and were brought to North America by European colonists. Apples have religious and mythological significance in many cultures, including Norse, Greek and European Christian traditions..
===247	bank heist	2
1/2	==DB== publisher 20.title Bank Heist.developer 20.Bank Heist (Atari 2600).Bank Heist is a maze video game published by 20th Century Fox for the Atari 2600..comment Bank Heist is a maze video game published by 20th Century Fox for the Atari 2600..
2/2	==DB== Bank robbery.Bank robbery is the federal crime of stealing from a bank while bank employees, and usually bystanders, are subjected to force, violence or the threat of violence. According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime Reporting Program, robbery is "the taking or attempting to take anything of value from the care, custody, or control of a person or persons by force or threat of force or violence or by putting the victim in fear." By contrast, burglary is defined as, "unlawful entry of a structure to commit a felony or theft." Bank robbery is defined as entering a bank when it is open and obtaining money from the teller either by using force or the threat of force. Breaking into a bank when it is closed is burglary..comment Bank robbery is the federal crime of stealing from a bank while bank employees, and usually bystanders, are subjected to force, violence or the threat of violence. According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime Reporting Program, robbery is "the taking or attempting to take anything of value from the care, custody, or control of a person or persons by force or threat of force or violence or by putting the victim in fear." By contrast, burglary is defined as, "unlawful entry of a structure to commit a felony or theft." Bank robbery is defined as entering a bank when it is open and obtaining money from the teller either by using force or the threat of force. Breaking into a bank when it is closed is burglary..
===248	block house	2
1/2	==DB== Blockhouse.In military science, a blockhouse is a small fortification, usually consisting of one or more rooms with loopholes, allowing its defenders to fire in various directions. It usually refers to an isolated fort in the form of a single building, serving as a defensive strong point against any enemy that does not possess siege equipment or, in modern times, artillery. A fortification intended to resist these weapons is more likely to qualify as a fortress or a redoubt, or in modern times, be an underground bunker. However, a blockhouse may also refer to a room within a larger fortification, usually a battery or redoubt..comment In military science, a blockhouse is a small fortification, usually consisting of one or more rooms with loopholes, allowing its defenders to fire in various directions. It usually refers to an isolated fort in the form of a single building, serving as a defensive strong point against any enemy that does not possess siege equipment or, in modern times, artillery. A fortification intended to resist these weapons is more likely to qualify as a fortress or a redoubt, or in modern times, be an underground bunker. However, a blockhouse may also refer to a room within a larger fortification, usually a battery or redoubt..
2/2	==DB== Block House.The Block House is a historic building located off Naamans Road in Claymont, Delaware. The Block House is believed to be the only structure remaining of original settlement on Naamans Creek.and then some.comment The Block House is a historic building located off Naamans Road in Claymont, Delaware. The Block House is believed to be the only structure remaining of original settlement on Naamans Creek.and then some.
===249	bottom line	3
1/3	==DB== The Bottom Line.address 15.The Bottom Line (venue).The Bottom Line was a music venue at 15 West 4th Street between Mercer Street and Greene Street in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. During the 1970s and 1980s the club was a major space for small-scale popular music performances..comment The Bottom Line was a music venue at 15 West 4th Street between Mercer Street and Greene Street in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. During the 1970s and 1980s the club was a major space for small-scale popular music performances..
2/3	==DB== Net income.In business, net income (total comprehensive income, net earnings, net profit, informally, bottom line) is an entity's income minus cost of goods sold, expenses and taxes for an accounting period. It is computed as the residual of all revenues and gains over all expenses and losses for the period, and has also been defined as the net increase in shareholders' equity that results from a company's operations. In the context of the presentation of financial statements, the IFRS Foundation defines net income as synonymous with profit and loss. Net income is a distinct accounting concept from profit. Net income can also be calculated by adding a company's operating income to non-operating income and then subtracting off taxes..comment In business, net income (total comprehensive income, net earnings, net profit, informally, bottom line) is an entity's income minus cost of goods sold, expenses and taxes for an accounting period. It is computed as the residual of all revenues and gains over all expenses and losses for the period, and has also been defined as the net increase in shareholders' equity that results from a company's operations. In the context of the presentation of financial statements, the IFRS Foundation defines net income as synonymous with profit and loss..
3/3	==SS== The final balance; the amount of money or profit left after everything has been tallied.
===250	brat pack	4
1/4	==DB== Brat Pack (band).The Brat Pack was a vocal duo hailing from New Jersey, USA. Its members were Patrick Donovan (born July 26, 1958 in Passaic, New Jersey) and Ray Ray Frazier. Donovan had been guitarist for House/Gospel artist CeCe Rogers and Curtis Hairston. Ray Ray was keyboard player and vocalist in local NYC bands.The BratPack were produced by Robert Clivilles and David Cole who became the multi-platinum founders of C&C Music Factory. Starting as a "house music" club act and after success with their first single, Clivilles and Cole felt that they had Pop appeal. They toured the UK and the US extensively and made many TV appearances including:"Soul Train", Club MTV" and The UK Music show "Hitman And Her". They released one self-titled album in 1990 on A&M Records' dance music subsidiary Vendetta Records, and released three singles, “So Many Ways (Do it Properly Pt. II),” "You're the Only Woman," and "I'm Never Gonna Give You Up." "You're the Only Woman" hit the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at #36..comment The Brat Pack was a vocal duo hailing from New Jersey, USA. Its members were Patrick Donovan (born July 26, 1958 in Passaic, New Jersey) and Ray Ray Frazier. Donovan had been guitarist for House/Gospel artist CeCe Rogers and Curtis Hairston. Ray Ray was keyboard player and vocalist in local NYC bands.The BratPack were produced by Robert Clivilles and David Cole who became the multi-platinum founders of C&C Music Factory. Starting as a "house music" club act and after success with their first single, Clivilles and Cole felt that they had Pop appeal. They toured the UK and the US extensively and made many TV appearances including:"Soul Train", Club MTV" and The UK Music show "Hitman And Her". They released one self-titled album in 1990 on A&M Records' dance music subsidiary Vendetta Records,.
2/4	==DB== Brat Pack (actors).The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of young actors who frequently appeared together in teen-oriented coming-of-age films in the 1980s. First mentioned in a 1985 New York magazine article, it is now usually defined as the cast members of two specific films released in 1985—The Breakfast Club and St. Elmo's Fire—although other actors are sometimes included. The "core" members are considered to be Emilio Estevez, Anthony Michael Hall, Rob Lowe, Andrew McCarthy, Demi Moore, Judd Nelson, Molly Ringwald, and Ally Sheedy..comment The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of young actors who frequently appeared together in teen-oriented coming-of-age films in the 1980s. First mentioned in a 1985 New York magazine article, it is now usually defined as the cast members of two specific films released in 1985—The Breakfast Club and St. Elmo's Fire—although other actors are sometimes included. The "core" members are considered to be Emilio Estevez, Anthony Michael Hall, Rob Lowe, Andrew McCarthy, Demi Moore, Judd Nelson, Molly Ringwald, and Ally Sheedy..
3/4	==DB== Brat Pack.yearsActive 2006.website myspace-page.background group_or_band.Brat Pack (punk band).Brat Pack  is a hardcore punk band based in Nijmegen, Netherlands. It was founded in 2006. The band combines influences from eighties hardcore punk and nineties skate punk and is often compared with bands from California like Rich Kids on LSD, early NOFX and The Adolescents. Their debutalbum 'Hate the Neighbours' was voted third on the 'album of the year 2008 list', compiled by visitors of the popular Dutch punk rock website punx.nl, among other artist like H2O and the Gaslight Anthem. They played close to 200 shows all over Europe..comment Brat Pack  is a hardcore punk band based in Nijmegen, Netherlands. It was founded in 2006. The band combines influences from eighties hardcore punk and nineties skate punk and is often compared with bands from California like Rich Kids on LSD, early NOFX and The Adolescents. Their debutalbum 'Hate the Neighbours' was voted third on the 'album of the year 2008 list', compiled by visitors of the popular Dutch punk rock website punx.nl, among other artist like H2O and the Gaslight Anthem. They played close to 200 shows all over Europe..
4/4	==DB== Brat Pack (literary).The expression "literary Brat Pack" refers to a group of young American authors, primarily including Bret Easton Ellis, Tama Janowitz and Jay McInerney, who emerged on the country's east coast in the 1980s. It is a twist on the label brat pack that had previously been applied to a group of young American actors earlier that decade. A 1987 article in the New York newspaper Village Voice, presented the authors as the new faces of literature. Intended pejoratively, the nickname was illustrated by an image that collaged the authors faces onto the bodies of infants. Yet their impact on literature and their vast popularity rendered this nickname an affectionate branding of the new wave of young minimalist authors. Each presented a particular challenge to established literary criticism: McInerney's debut novel, Bright Lights, Big City, was told entirely in second-person singular. Janowitz's Slaves of New York explored themes of sexual politics against a backdrop of New York's peculiarities rendered honestly, and Ellis's Less Than Zero chronicled a post-adolescent disconnect with society that seemed shocking and pathological. The works of the Brat Pack authors owed a debt to the minimalist works of Raymond Carver and Ann Beattie, who used clear and sometimes dispassionate ways of rendering modern life that were a clear break from the linguistically heavy and very polite fiction of the previous generation. Unafraid to tackle suburban anxiety and urban angst, the authors broke new ground in subject matter and in style. In the September/October 2005 issue of Pages magazine, the literary Brat Pack is identified as Bret Easton Ellis, Tama Janowitz, Jay McInerney, and Mark Lindquist. McInerney and Janowitz were based in New York City. Others affiliated with this group include Susan Minot, Donna Tartt, Peter Farrelly and David Leavitt. Lindquist lived in Venice, California, and Ellis moved from Sherman Oaks (in Los Angeles) to Manhattan after the success of Less Than Zero. In an article titled "Where Are They Now?", Pages magazine reported that the original four Brat pack authors socialized, but did not have that much in common other than that they were young and well hyped, and that their books were aggressively marketed to a youth audience..comment The expression "literary Brat Pack" refers to a group of young American authors, primarily including Bret Easton Ellis, Tama Janowitz and Jay McInerney, who emerged on the country's east coast in the 1980s. It is a twist on the label brat pack that had previously been applied to a group of young American actors earlier that decade..
===251	business day	4
1/4	==SS== An official working day.
2/4	==DB== Business Day.foundation 1985-05-01.Business Day (South Africa).Business Day is a national daily newspaper in South Africa, published from Monday to Friday and also available as an e-paper. Based in Rosebank, Johannesburg. It is edited by Peter Bruce and published by BDFM Publishers, which is also the parent company of the Financial Mail magazine and Business Day TV (formerly known as Summit TV). It is owned by Times Media Group. The newspaper, launched on 1 May 1985, covers all major national and international news, with a specific focus on the South African economy and business sector, companies and financial markets. It also contains an influential opinion section with several popular columnists, along with coverage of sport, travel, books, arts and entertainment. BDlive is the digital identity of the newspaper, including a website, apps for the iPhone and iPad, Android devices and BlackBerry, and a mobile site (m.bdlive.co.za)..comment Business Day is a national daily newspaper in South Africa, published from Monday to Friday and also available as an e-paper. Based in Rosebank, Johannesburg. It is edited by Peter Bruce and published by BDFM Publishers, which is also the parent company of the Financial Mail magazine and Business Day TV (formerly known as Summit TV). It is owned by Times Media Group. BDlive is the digital identity of the newspaper, including a website, apps for the iPhone and iPad, Android devices and BlackBerry, and a mobile site (m.bdlive.co.za)..
3/4	==DB== Business day.A business day is considered every official working day of the week. Another common term is working day. Typically, these are the days between and including Mondayto Friday and do not include public holidays and weekends. The definition of a business day varies by region. It depends on the local workweek which is dictated by local customs, religions, and business operations. For example, in the United States and much of the Western world, they are typically Monday to Friday. Within the European Union, the normal business days are Monday to Friday based on the working time regulation of the EU. Business days are commonly used by couriers when determining the arrival date of a package. If a courier ships a parcel on a Thursday that will be delivered in "two business days", it will arrive on the following Monday if neither Friday nor Monday are a holiday. In finance, how business days are defined are called "business day conventions" and determine how payments are settled on contracts such as interest rate swaps..comment A business day is considered every official working day of the week. Another common term is working day. Typically, these are the days between and including Mondayto Friday and do not include public holidays and weekends. The definition of a business day varies by region. It depends on the local workweek which is dictated by local customs, religions, and business operations. For example, in the United States and much of the Western world, they are typically Monday to Friday. Within the European Union, the normal business days are Monday to Friday based on the working time regulation of the EU..
4/4	==DB== Business Day.type Daily newspaper.headquarters Lagos, Lagos State, Nigeria.Business Day (Nigeria).Business Day, established in 2001, is a daily business newspaper based in Lagos. It is the only Nigerian newspaper with a bureau in Accra, Ghana. It has both daily and Sunday titles. It circulates in Nigeria and Ghana. BusinessDay Media Ltd is the leading medium for up-to-date news and insightful analysis of business, policy and the economy in Nigeria. A critical decision-making tool for investors and managers. It provides unbiased news and informed analysis on politics, governance, social and economic trends. The publisher is Frank Aigbogun, a former editor of the Vanguard newspaper. The editor-in-chief is Onwuchekwa Jemie while the editor of the daily title/executive director of the organisation is Phillip Isakpa. John Omachonu is the deputy editor of the daily title. Similarly, the editor of the Sunday title is Charles Ike-Okoh, while Zebulon Agomuo is his deputy. The newspaper has creative writers such as Iheanyi Nwachukwu, Patrick Atuanya, Onyinye Nwachukwu, Funke Osae-Brown, Chuka Uroko, Obodo Ejiro, Ben Uzor (Jr), Femi Asu, Olusola Bello, Odinaka Anudu, Obinna Emelike, Teliat Sule, and Chuks Oluigbo, among others.The newspaper has produced many award-winning journalists.Anthony Osae-Brown was a finalist for Best Business News Story in May 2011, a Diageo Africa Business Reporting Award. Godwin Nnanna, an assistant editor, has won several international journalism awards including gold and silver medals in UN Foundation Prize for humanitarian and development reporting, and the Elizabeth Neuffer Memorial Prize for written media. Obodo Ejiro and Teliat Sule have both won the Citi Journalistic Award, while Iheanyi Nwachukwu and Patrick Atuanya won the Securities and Exchange Commission Capital Market Essay Competition in 2012 and 2013 respectively. The newspaper worked with PricewaterhouseCoopers on the "Most Respected Company and CEO" survey in 2006. Survey results showed the opinions of Nigerian CEOs. Awards based on the survey were presented in a ceremony in Lagos.In February 2011, Business Day organized its annual Capital Market conference.In March 2011 the newspaper organized the Business Day SME Forum 2011 in Lagos. The forum was attended by entrepreneurs, consultants, financiers and representatives from various industries..comment Business Day, established in 2001, is a daily business newspaper based in Lagos. It is the only Nigerian newspaper with a bureau in Accra, Ghana. It has both daily and Sunday titles. It circulates in Nigeria and Ghana. BusinessDay Media Ltd is the leading medium for up-to-date news and insightful analysis of business, policy and the economy in Nigeria. A critical decision-making tool for investors and managers. It provides unbiased news and informed analysis on politics, governance, social and economic trends..
===252	business executive	2
1/2	==DB== Business executive.A business executive is a person responsible for running an organization, although the exact nature of the role varies depending on the organization. Executives run companies or government agencies. They create plans to help their organizations grow..comment A business executive is a person responsible for running an organization, although the exact nature of the role varies depending on the organization. Executives run companies or government agencies. They create plans to help their organizations grow..
2/2	==DB== Executive officer.An executive officer (often abbreviated XO) is generally a person responsible for running an organization, although the exact nature of the role varies depending on the organization..comment An executive officer (often abbreviated XO) is generally a person responsible for running an organization, although the exact nature of the role varies depending on the organization..
===253	center stage	9
1/9	==DB== showName Center Stage.numSeasons 1.firstAired 1954-06-01.lastAired 1954-09-21.Center Stage (TV series).Center Stage is an American television anthology series that aired in 1954 on the American Broadcasting Company as a summer replacement for The Motorola Television Hour. It aired on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) on alternate weeks from June 1, 1954 to September 21, 1954, swapping airings with the U.S. Steel Hour. The series was produced by Herbert Brodkin. There were nine episodes, one of which was written by Rod Serling. Among its stars were Walter Matthau, Charles Coburn, Lee Marvin, and Vivian Blaine..comment Center Stage is an American television anthology series that aired in 1954 on the American Broadcasting Company as a summer replacement for The Motorola Television Hour. It aired on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) on alternate weeks from June 1, 1954 to September 21, 1954, swapping airings with the U.S. Steel Hour. The series was produced by Herbert Brodkin. There were nine episodes, one of which was written by Rod Serling. Among its stars were Walter Matthau, Charles Coburn, Lee Marvin, and Vivian Blaine..
2/9	==DB== Portland Center Stage.leaderTitle Artistic Director.leaderName Chris Coleman.abbreviation PCS.purpose Theatrical productions in Portland, Oregon.location Gerding Theater at the Armory.affiliations League of Regional Theatres, Actors' Equity Association, Theatre Communications Group.formation 1988-11-12.Portland Center Stage.Portland Center Stage (PCS) is a theater company based in Portland, Oregon, United States. Theater productions are presented at the Gerding Theater at the Armory in Portland's Pearl District. PCS was founded in 1988 as the northern sibling of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival in Ashland, Oregon. It became an independent theater in 1993 and in 1994 Elizabeth Huddle became producing artistic director. Chris Coleman took over in 2000 as the company's fourth artistic director. Coleman hired design firm Sandstrom Design to help refocus the marketing strategy of PCS and increased the variety of productions. The company began a capital campaign in 2004, and in 2006 moved into the Portland Armory, which includes two theaters, production facilities and office space. PCS puts on between seven and ten productions annually between September and June, and productions include classical, contemporary and premiere pieces. PCS has received positive commentary in regional guidebooks including Best Places Northwest, Best Places Portland and Moon Handbooks Oregon..comment Portland Center Stage (PCS) is a theater company based in Portland, Oregon, United States. Theater productions are presented at the Gerding Theater at the Armory in Portland's Pearl District. PCS was founded in 1988 as the northern sibling of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival in Ashland, Oregon. It became an independent theater in 1993 and in 1994 Elizabeth Huddle became producing artistic director. Chris Coleman took over in 2000 as the company's fourth artistic director. Coleman hired design firm Sandstrom Design to help refocus the marketing strategy of PCS and increased the variety of productions..
3/9	==SS== The area in the center of the stage, especially one towards the front.
4/9	==DB== Center Stage.runtime 6660.0.budget 1.8E7.released 2000-05-12.gross 2.6385941E7.Center Stage (2000 film).Center Stage is a 2000 American teen drama film, directed by Nicholas Hytner, about a group of young dancers from various backgrounds who enroll at the fictitious American Ballet Academy in New York City. The film explores the issues and difficulties in the world of professional dance, and how each individual copes with the stresses..comment Center Stage is a 2000 American teen drama film, directed by Nicholas Hytner, about a group of young dancers from various backgrounds who enroll at the fictitious American Ballet Academy in New York City. The film explores the issues and difficulties in the world of professional dance, and how each individual copes with the stresses..
5/9	==DB== Center Stage Atlanta.address 1374.capacity 1050650350.yearsactive 1966.othernames Center Stage.othernames Center Stage Atlanta.othernames Theatre Atlanta.othernames Earthlink Live.othernames CW Midtown Music Complex.Center Stage Atlanta.Center Stage Atlanta is a mid-sized concert complex comprising three separate venues and located at 1374 West Peachtree Street NW in the heart of Midtown Atlanta, Georgia. Originally known as Theatre Atlanta, the concert hall was built in memorial to a young theater enthusiast. Upon its opening in the fall of 1966, the building functioned as a performing arts theater, but has since become primarily music-focused. Center Stage Atlanta is made up of three venues differing in size and character: Vinyl, The Loft, and Center Stage Theater..comment Center Stage Atlanta is a mid-sized concert complex comprising three separate venues and located at 1374 West Peachtree Street NW in the heart of Midtown Atlanta, Georgia. Originally known as Theatre Atlanta, the concert hall was built in memorial to a young theater enthusiast. Upon its opening in the fall of 1966, the building functioned as a performing arts theater, but has since become primarily music-focused. Center Stage Atlanta is made up of three venues differing in size and character: Vinyl, The Loft, and Center Stage Theater..
6/9	==DB== Center Stage.released 2008-06-26.lastAlbum The Mystery.Center Stage (Tommy Emmanuel album).Center Stage is a live album by the Australian musician Tommy Emmanuel, released in 2008. It contains two CDs, and is the 21st album he released..comment Center Stage is a live album by the Australian musician Tommy Emmanuel, released in 2008. It contains two CDs, and is the 21st album he released..
7/9	==DB== Center Stage: Turn It Up.runtime 5700.0.starring Sarah Jayne Jensen.starring Christopher Russell.Center Stage: Turn It Up.Center Stage: Turn It Up is a 2008 dance drama film. The film is a sequel to the 2000 film Center Stage. The film was directed by Steven Jacobson and written by Karen Bloch Morse. The film was released on October 30, 2008 in Australia and debut on Oxygen on November 1, 2008. It stars Rachele Brooke Smith as Kate Parker and Kenny Wormald as Tommy Anderson, and also features Sarah Jayne Jensen as Suzanne Von Stroh, with Peter Gallagher and Ethan Stiefel returning from the first film as Jonathan Reeves and Cooper Nielson, respectively. The film was followed by a sequel Center Stage: On Pointe (2016)..comment Center Stage: Turn It Up is a 2008 dance drama film. The film is a sequel to the 2000 film Center Stage. The film was directed by Steven Jacobson and written by Karen Bloch Morse. The film was released on October 30, 2008 in Australia and debut on Oxygen on November 1, 2008. It stars Rachele Brooke Smith as Kate Parker and Kenny Wormald as Tommy Anderson, and also features Sarah Jayne Jensen as Suzanne Von Stroh, with Peter Gallagher and Ethan Stiefel returning from the first film as Jonathan Reeves and Cooper Nielson, respectively..
8/9	==DB== Center Stage.genre Vocal.genre Pop/Rock.length 2825.0.released 1998-09-22.lastAlbum I Am Woman: The Essential Helen Reddy Collection.recorded Los Angeles, California.recorded Westlake Audio.recorded 1998.Center Stage (Helen Reddy album).Center Stage is an album by Australian-American pop singer Helen Reddy that was released in 1998 by Varèse Sarabande. Reddy describes the album as the perfect melding of two areas of her career: "the recording studio and the theatrical stage. I tried to select songs from various songwriters in different eras. I've also included (of course) a song from each of the musical shows I've performed in.".comment Center Stage is an album by Australian-American pop singer Helen Reddy that was released in 1998 by Varèse Sarabande. Reddy describes the album as the perfect melding of two areas of her career: "the recording studio and the theatrical stage. I tried to select songs from various songwriters in different eras. I've also included (of course) a song from each of the musical shows I've performed in.".
9/9	==DB== Center Stage (theater).Center Stage is the state theater of Maryland, and Baltimore's largest professional producing theater. Center Stage began in a converted gymnasium in 1963 as a full arena theatre that seated 240 people. Center Stage houses two performing spaces, the 541-seat Pearlstone and the smaller Head Theater, both in its home in the Mount Vernon Cultural District of Baltimore..comment Center Stage is the state theater of Maryland, and Baltimore's largest professional producing theater. Center Stage began in a converted gymnasium in 1963 as a full arena theatre that seated 240 people. Center Stage houses two performing spaces, the 541-seat Pearlstone and the smaller Head Theater, both in its home in the Mount Vernon Cultural District of Baltimore..
===254	chorus line	3
1/3	==DB== A Chorus Line.awards Tony Award for Best Score.awards Olivier Award for Best Musical.awards 1976.book Nicholas Dante.A Chorus Line.A Chorus Line is a musical with music by Marvin Hamlisch, lyrics by Edward Kleban and a book by James Kirkwood, Jr. and Nicholas Dante. Centred on seventeen Broadway dancers auditioning for spots on a chorus line, the musical is set on the bare stage of a Broadway theatre during an audition for a musical. A Chorus Line provides a glimpse into the personalities of the performers and the choreographer as they describe the events that have shaped their lives and their decisions to become dancers. Following several workshops and an Off-Broadway production, A Chorus Line opened at the Shubert Theatre on Broadway July 25, 1975, directed and choreographed by Michael Bennett. An unprecedented box office and critical hit, the musical received twelve Tony Award nominations and won nine, in addition to the 1976 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The original Broadway production ran for 6,137 performances, becoming the longest-running production in Broadway history until surpassed by Cats in 1997, and the longest-running Broadway musical originally produced in the US, until surpassed in 2011 by Chicago. It remains the sixth longest-running Broadway show ever. A Chorus Line's success has spawned many successful productions worldwide. It began a lengthy run in the West End in 1976 and was revived on Broadway in 2006, and in the West End in 2013..comment A Chorus Line is a musical with music by Marvin Hamlisch, lyrics by Edward Kleban and a book by James Kirkwood, Jr. and Nicholas Dante. Centred on seventeen Broadway dancers auditioning for spots on a chorus line, the musical is set on the bare stage of a Broadway theatre during an audition for a musical. A Chorus Line provides a glimpse into the personalities of the performers and the choreographer as they describe the events that have shaped their lives and their decisions to become dancers..
2/3	==DB== Chorus line.A chorus line is a large group of dancers who together perform synchronized routines, usually in musical theatre. Sometimes, singing is also performed. Chorus line dancers in Broadway musicals and revues have been referred to by slang terms such as ponies, gypsies and twirlies. Ballet uses the term corps de ballet. A chorus girl or chorine is a female performer in a chorus line (or in a chorus), and the word "chorine" is not to be confused with chlorine..comment A chorus line is a large group of dancers who together perform synchronized routines, usually in musical theatre. Sometimes, singing is also performed. Chorus line dancers in Broadway musicals and revues have been referred to by slang terms such as ponies, gypsies and twirlies. Ballet uses the term corps de ballet. A chorus girl or chorine is a female performer in a chorus line (or in a chorus), and the word "chorine" is not to be confused with chlorine..
3/3	==SS== A line of performers in a revue or other show, dancing in unison.
===255	coffee shop	5
1/5	==DB== Coffeehouse.A coffeehouse, coffee shop, or café (sometimes spelled cafe) is an establishment which primarily serves hot coffee, related coffee beverages (e.g., café latte, cappuccino, espresso), tea, and other hot beverages. Some coffeehouses also serve cold beverages such as iced coffee and iced tea. Many cafés also serve some type of food, such as light snacks, muffins, or pastries. Coffeehouses range from owner-operated small businesses to large multinational corporations. In continental Europe, a café is a traditional type of coffeehouse, but elsewhere the term "café" may also refer to a tea room, "greasy spoon" (a small and inexpensive restaurant, colloquially called a "caff"), transport café, or other casual eating and drinking place. A coffeehouse may share some of the same characteristics of a bar or restaurant, but it is different from a cafeteria. Many coffee houses in the Middle East and in West Asian immigrant districts in the Western world offer shisha (nargile in Greek and Turkish), flavored tobacco smoked through a hookah.  are a type of coffeehouse that specializes in serving espresso and espresso-based drinks. From a cultural standpoint, coffeehouses largely serve as centers of social interaction: the coffeehouse provides patrons with a place to congregate, talk, read, write, entertain one another, or pass the time, whether individually or in small groups. Since the development of Wi-Fi, coffeehouses with this capability have also become places for patrons to access the Internet on their laptops and tablet computers. A coffeehouse can serve as an informal club for its regular members. As early as the 1950s Beatnik era and the 1960s folk music scene, coffeehouses have hosted singer-songwriter performances, typically in the evening..comment A coffeehouse, coffee shop, or café (sometimes spelled cafe) is an establishment which primarily serves hot coffee, related coffee beverages (e.g., café latte, cappuccino, espresso), tea, and other hot beverages. Some coffeehouses also serve cold beverages such as iced coffee and iced tea. Many cafés also serve some type of food, such as light snacks, muffins, or pastries. Coffeehouses range from owner-operated small businesses to large multinational corporations..
2/5	==DB== Coffee Shop.length 188.0.released 1996-08-12.lastSingle "Shallow Be Thy Game".nextSingle "Love Rollercoaster".Coffee Shop (Red Hot Chili Peppers song)."Coffee Shop" is a song by American funk rock musical group Red Hot Chili Peppers and was the fifth and final single from their 1995 album, One Hot Minute. The CD single was released only in Germany, but the music video was also broadcast in the United States. The video had the album track playing over live footage. The CD single has two live tracks recorded on May 14, 1996, at the Sydney Entertainment Centre. The video is available on the band's official YouTube account and their smartphone app. "Coffee Shop" was last performed in 1996..comment "Coffee Shop" is a song by American funk rock musical group Red Hot Chili Peppers and was the fifth and final single from their 1995 album, One Hot Minute. The CD single was released only in Germany, but the music video was also broadcast in the United States. The video had the album track playing over live footage. The CD single has two live tracks recorded on May 14, 1996, at the Sydney Entertainment Centre. The video is available on the band's official YouTube account and their smartphone app. "Coffee Shop" was last performed in 1996..
3/5	==DB== Coffee Shop.writer Alonzo Mathis, Terius Nash, Darnell Richard, Yung Joc, and Hosea Williams.length 242.0.length 248.0.released 2007-05-08.artist Yung Joc featuring Gorilla Zoe.format 12.0.Coffee Shop (Yung Joc song)."Coffee Shop" is the first single from Yung Joc's second album Hustlenomics. It was officially released on May 5, 2007, but had been leaked onto the Internet beforehand. The track features Gorilla Zoe and uncredited chorus vocals by The-Dream. Joc and T-Pain performed the song at the season finale of Making the Band..comment "Coffee Shop" is the first single from Yung Joc's second album Hustlenomics. It was officially released on May 5, 2007, but had been leaked onto the Internet beforehand. The track features Gorilla Zoe and uncredited chorus vocals by The-Dream. Joc and T-Pain performed the song at the season finale of Making the Band..
4/5	==SS== 
5/5	==DB== Coffeehouse (event).A coffeehouse is a social event, often held to raise funds for and/or generate awareness of a social cause or other event. The name "coffeehouse" is derived from the limited menu which is typically available at the social event: coffee is usually the featured beverage, together with other non-alcoholic beverages such as soda, juice and tea. Desserts and snack foods may round out the menu. Folk music and other acoustic concerts are the primary activity at many coffee houses. Other coffeehouses allow patrons to sing, dance, read poetry, perform stand-up comedy, or demonstrate other talents as entertainment during the event. Still other coffeehouses feature lectures and presentations to raise awareness about social issues such as political oppression, food / freshwater shortages, and/or outbreaks of disease in various countries. Some coffeehouses may facilitate other activities such as a mass letter writing campaign or signing petitions. Some coffeehouses have free admission, but others require a small entrance fee. If money is collected as an entrance fee, it is often donated in whole or in part to the social cause, after covering expenses. Coffeehouses are often sponsored by a permanent, semi-commercial coffeehouse venue, such as the well-known Club Passim and Caffe Lena. Churches, non-profits, school groups, and other private groups also sponsor coffee houses in church meeting rooms, colleges, and high schools. In particular, schools often sponsor coffeehouses to allow students to socialize in an explicitly non-alcoholic environment..comment A coffeehouse is a social event, often held to raise funds for and/or generate awareness of a social cause or other event. The name "coffeehouse" is derived from the limited menu which is typically available at the social event: coffee is usually the featured beverage, together with other non-alcoholic beverages such as soda, juice and tea. Desserts and snack foods may round out the menu. Some coffeehouses have free admission, but others require a small entrance fee. If money is collected as an entrance fee, it is often donated in whole or in part to the social cause, after covering expenses..
===256	country house	3
1/3	==SS== A weekend and holiday residence, located outside of urban areas, used as a retreat from city life.
2/3	==DB== English country house.An English country house is a large house or mansion in the English countryside. Such houses were often owned by individuals who also owned a town house. This allowed them to spend time in the country and in the city—hence, for these people, the term distinguished between town and country. However, the term also encompasses houses that were, and often still are, the full-time residence for the landed gentry that ruled rural Britain until the Reform Act 1832. Frequently, the formal business of the counties was transacted in these country houses. With large numbers of indoor and outdoor staff, country houses were important as places of employment for many rural communities. In turn, until the agricultural depressions of the 1870s, the estates, of which country houses were the hub, provided their owners with incomes. However, the late 19th and early 20th centuries were the swansong of the traditional English country house lifestyle. Increased taxation and the effects of World War I led to the demolition of hundreds of houses; those that remained had to adapt to survive. While a château or a schloss can be a fortified or unfortified building, a country house is usually unfortified. If fortified, it is called a castle, but not all buildings with the name 'castle' are fortified (for example Highclere Castle)..comment An English country house is a large house or mansion in the English countryside. Such houses were often owned by individuals who also owned a town house. This allowed them to spend time in the country and in the city—hence, for these people, the term distinguished between town and country. However, the term also encompasses houses that were, and often still are, the full-time residence for the landed gentry that ruled rural Britain until the Reform Act 1832. Frequently, the formal business of the counties was transacted in these country houses..
3/3	==DB== Country House.writer Damon Albarn, Graham Coxon, Alex James and Dave Rowntree.released 1995-08-14.format 7.0.lastSingle "End of a Century".nextSingle "The Universal".Country House."Country House" is a song by English alternative rock band Blur. It was released as the lead single from the band's fourth album The Great Escape on 14 August 1995. "Country House" was the first of two Blur singles to reach number one on the UK Singles Chart (the second being 1997's "Beetlebum")..comment "Country House" is a song by English alternative rock band Blur. It was released as the lead single from the band's fourth album The Great Escape on 14 August 1995. "Country House" was the first of two Blur singles to reach number one on the UK Singles Chart (the second being 1997's "Beetlebum")..
===257	death toll	3
1/3	==DB== Death Toll.runtime 5400.0.budget 3500000.0.Death Toll.Death Toll is a 2008 action film starring DMX, Lou Diamond Phillips, Alec Rayme, Leila Arcieri and Keshia Knight Pulliam, written and produced by Daniel Garcia and directed by Phenomenon. Filming was done in Louisiana in New Orleans and Baton Rouge..comment Death Toll is a 2008 action film starring DMX, Lou Diamond Phillips, Alec Rayme, Leila Arcieri and Keshia Knight Pulliam, written and produced by Daniel Garcia and directed by Phenomenon. Filming was done in Louisiana in New Orleans and Baton Rouge..
2/3	==SS== The number of dead as a result of a war, natural disaster or other incident.
3/3	==DB== List of wars and anthropogenic disasters by death toll.This is a list of wars and anthropogenic disasters by death toll.It covers the lowest estimate of death as well as the highest estimate, the name of the event, the location, and the start and end of each event. Some events may belong in more than one category. In addition, some of the listed events overlap each other, and in some cases the death toll from a smaller event is included in the one for the larger event or time period of which it was part..comment This is a list of wars and anthropogenic disasters by death toll.It covers the lowest estimate of death as well as the highest estimate, the name of the event, the location, and the start and end of each event. Some events may belong in more than one category. In addition, some of the listed events overlap each other, and in some cases the death toll from a smaller event is included in the one for the larger event or time period of which it was part..
===258	debt limit	2
1/2	==DB== Public Debt Acts.In the United States, Public Debt Acts are Acts of Congress which set the debt ceiling on the National debt of the United States..comment In the United States, Public Debt Acts are Acts of Congress which set the debt ceiling on the National debt of the United States..
2/2	==DB== Debt limit.A debt limit is a legislative mechanism restricting the total amount that a country can borrow or how much debt it can be permitted to take on. Usually this is measured as percentage of GDP. A handful of countries have debt limitation laws in place. Among the more famous cases is the United States debt ceiling but there are several other countries that have debt limits. Poland is the only nation with a constitutional limit on public debt, set at 60%. By law, a budget cannot pass with a breach in place..comment A debt limit is a legislative mechanism restricting the total amount that a country can borrow or how much debt it can be permitted to take on. Usually this is measured as percentage of GDP. A handful of countries have debt limitation laws in place. Among the more famous cases is the United States debt ceiling but there are several other countries that have debt limits. Poland is the only nation with a constitutional limit on public debt, set at 60%. By law, a budget cannot pass with a breach in place..
===259	debt service	2
1/2	==DB== Debt service coverage ratio.The debt service coverage ratio (DSCR), also known as "debt coverage ratio" (DCR), is the ratio of cash available for debt servicing to interest, principal and lease payments. It is a popular benchmark used in the measurement of an entity's (person or corporation) ability to produce enough cash to cover its debt (including lease) payments. The higher this ratio is, the easier it is to obtain a loan. The phrase is also used in commercial banking and may be expressed as a minimum ratio that is acceptable to a lender; it may be a loan condition. Breaching a DSCR covenant can, in some circumstances, be an act of default..comment The debt service coverage ratio (DSCR), also known as "debt coverage ratio" (DCR), is the ratio of cash available for debt servicing to interest, principal and lease payments. It is a popular benchmark used in the measurement of an entity's (person or corporation) ability to produce enough cash to cover its debt (including lease) payments. The higher this ratio is, the easier it is to obtain a loan. The phrase is also used in commercial banking and may be expressed as a minimum ratio that is acceptable to a lender; it may be a loan condition. Breaching a DSCR covenant can, in some circumstances, be an act of default..
2/2	==DB== Debt service ratio.In economics and government finance, debt service ratio is the ratio of debt service payments (principal + interest) of a country to that country’s export earnings. A country's international finances are healthier when this ratio is low. The ratio is between 0 and 20% for most countries. In contrast to the debt service coverage ratio, which is calculated as income divided by debt, this ratio is inverse and is calculated as debt service divided by country's income from international trade, i.e. export..comment In economics and government finance, debt service ratio is the ratio of debt service payments (principal + interest) of a country to that country’s export earnings. A country's international finances are healthier when this ratio is low. The ratio is between 0 and 20% for most countries. In contrast to the debt service coverage ratio, which is calculated as income divided by debt, this ratio is inverse and is calculated as debt service divided by country's income from international trade, i.e. export..
===260	deficit reduction	4
1/4	==DB== Deficit reduction in the United States.Deficit reduction in the United States refers to taxation, spending, and economic policy debates and proposals designed to reduce the Federal budget deficit. Government agencies including the Government Accountability Office (GAO), Congressional Budget Office (CBO), the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the U.S. Treasury Department have reported that the federal government is facing a series of important long-run financing challenges, mainly driven by an aging population, rising healthcare costs per person, and rising interest payments on the national debt. CBO reported in July 2014 that the continuation of present tax and spending policies for the long-run (into the 2030s) results in a budget trajectory that causes debt to grow faster than GDP, which is "unsustainable." Further, CBO reported that high levels of debt relative to GDP may pose significant risks to economic growth and the ability of lawmakers to respond to crises..comment Deficit reduction in the United States refers to taxation, spending, and economic policy debates and proposals designed to reduce the Federal budget deficit. Government agencies including the Government Accountability Office (GAO), Congressional Budget Office (CBO), the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the U.S. Treasury Department have reported that the federal government is facing a series of important long-run financing challenges, mainly driven by an aging population, rising healthcare costs per person, and rising interest payments on the national debt..
2/4	==DB== Deficit Reduction Act of 1984.The Deficit Reduction Act of 1984 (Pub.L. 98–369), also known as the DEFRA, was a federal law enacted in the United States in 1984. Originally part of the stalled Tax Reform Act of 1983, it was adjusted and reintroduced as the Tax Reform Act of 1984. After passing in the House, it was merged with the Senate version into its final form. Collectively known as the Deficit Reduction Act of 1984, it was signed into law by president Ronald Reagan on July 18, 1984..comment The Deficit Reduction Act of 1984 (Pub.L. 98–369), also known as the DEFRA, was a federal law enacted in the United States in 1984. Originally part of the stalled Tax Reform Act of 1983, it was adjusted and reintroduced as the Tax Reform Act of 1984. After passing in the House, it was merged with the Senate version into its final form. Collectively known as the Deficit Reduction Act of 1984, it was signed into law by president Ronald Reagan on July 18, 1984..
3/4	==DB== United States Congress Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction.The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, colloquially referred to as the Supercommittee, was a joint select committee of the United States Congress, created by the Budget Control Act of 2011 on August 2, 2011. This act was intended to prevent the sovereign default that could have resulted from the 2011 United States debt-ceiling crisis. The objective of the committee was to develop a deficit reduction plan over 10 years in addition to the $917 billion of cuts and initial debt limit increase of $900 billion in the Budget Control Act of 2011 that avoided a U.S. sovereign default. The committee recommendation was to have been subject to a simple vote by the full legislative bodies without amendment; this extraordinary provision was included to limit partisan gridlock. The goal outlined in the Budget Control Act of 2011 was to cut at least $1.5 trillion over the coming 10 years, (avoiding much larger "sequestration" across-the-board cuts which would be equal to the debt ceiling increase of $1.2 trillion incurred by Congress through a failure to produce a deficit reduction bill), therefore bypassing Congressional debate and resulting in a passed bill by December 23, 2011. On November 21, the committee concluded its work, issuing a statement that began with the following: "After months of hard work and intense deliberations, we have come to the conclusion today that it will not be possible to make any bipartisan agreement available to the public before the committee’s deadline." The committee was formally terminated on January 31, 2012..comment The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, colloquially referred to as the Supercommittee, was a joint select committee of the United States Congress, created by the Budget Control Act of 2011 on August 2, 2011. This act was intended to prevent the sovereign default that could have resulted from the 2011 United States debt-ceiling crisis. The objective of the committee was to develop a deficit reduction plan over 10 years in addition to the $917 billion of cuts and initial debt limit increase of $900 billion in the Budget Control Act of 2011 that avoided a U.S. sovereign default. The committee recommendation was to have been subject to a simple vote by the full legislative bodies without amendment; this extraordinary provision was included to limit partisan gridlock. The goal outline.
4/4	==DB== Deficit Reduction Act of 2005.The Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 is a United States Act of Congress concerning the federal budget that became law in 2006..comment The Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 is a United States Act of Congress concerning the federal budget that became law in 2006..
===261	discount rate	3
1/3	==DB== Annual effective discount rate.The annual effective discount rate expresses the amount of interest paid/earned as a percentage of the balance at the end of the (annual) period. This is in contrast to the effective rate of interest, which expresses the amount of interest as a percentage of the balance at the start of the period. The discount rate is commonly used for U.S. Treasury bills and similar financial instruments. For example, consider a government bond that sells for $95 and pays $100 in a year's time. The discount rate is The interest rate is calculated using 95 as the base For every effective interest rate, there is a corresponding effective discount rate, given by or inversely, Given the above equation relating to it follows that where is the discount factor or equivalently, Since ,it can readily be shown that This relationship has an interesting verbal interpretation. A person can either borrow 1 and repay 1 + i at the end of the period or borrow 1 - d and repay 1 at the end of the period. The expression i - d is the difference in the amount of interest paid. This difference arises because the principal borrowed differs by d. Interest on amount d for one period at rate i is id..comment The annual effective discount rate expresses the amount of interest paid/earned as a percentage of the balance at the end of the (annual) period. This is in contrast to the effective rate of interest, which expresses the amount of interest as a percentage of the balance at the start of the period. The discount rate is commonly used for U.S. Treasury bills and similar financial instruments. For example, consider a government bond that sells for $95 and pays $100 in a year's time. The discount rate is The interest rate is calculated using 95 as the base or inversely, to it follows that where Since.
2/3	==SS== An interest rate that a central bank charges depository institutions that borrow reserves from it.
3/3	==DB== Social discount rate.Social discount rate (SDR) is the discount rate used in computing the value of funds spent on social projects. Determining this rate is not always easy and can be the subject of discrepancies in the true net benefit to certain projects, plans and policies..comment Social discount rate (SDR) is the discount rate used in computing the value of funds spent on social projects. Determining this rate is not always easy and can be the subject of discrepancies in the true net benefit to certain projects, plans and policies..
===262	family album	9
1/9	==DB== runtime 14400.0.showName Family Album.starring *.numEpisodes 2.firstAired 1994-10-23.lastAired 1994-10-24.Family Album (miniseries).Family Album, also known as Danielle Steel's Family Album, is a 1994 NBC television miniseries based on the 1985 novel of the same name by Danielle Steel. Directed by Jack Bender, it was broadcast in two parts on October 23 and 24, 1994. The drama centers on the life chronology of a Hollywood actress who becomes a successful film director in an era when directing was dominated by men..comment Family Album, also known as Danielle Steel's Family Album, is a 1994 NBC television miniseries based on the 1985 novel of the same name by Danielle Steel. Directed by Jack Bender, it was broadcast in two parts on October 23 and 24, 1994. The drama centers on the life chronology of a Hollywood actress who becomes a successful film director in an era when directing was dominated by men..
2/9	==DB== Family Album.type Studio Album.length 3558.0.lastAlbum Mother Twilight.nextAlbum The Transit Rider.Family Album (Faun Fables album).Family Album is the 2004 studio album by Faun Fables. It was released through the label Drag City..comment Family Album is the 2004 studio album by Faun Fables. It was released through the label Drag City..
3/9	==DB== Family Album.isbn 0.mediaType Print.Family Album (novel).Family Album is a 1985 romance novel by Danielle Steel. It was adapted into a 1994 TV miniseries starring Jaclyn Smith..comment Family Album is a 1985 romance novel by Danielle Steel. It was adapted into a 1994 TV miniseries starring Jaclyn Smith..
4/9	==DB== Family Album (play).Family Album is a short play by Noël Coward, one of ten that make up Tonight at 8:30, a cycle written to be performed across three evenings. It is described by the author as "A comedy of manners with music (period 1860)". In the introduction to a published edition of the plays, Coward wrote, "A short play, having a great advantage over a long one in that it can sustain a mood without technical creaking or over padding, deserves a better fate, and if, by careful writing, acting and producing I can do a little towards reinstating it in its rightful pride, I shall have achieved one of my more sentimental ambitions." Family Album was written and first performed in Birmingham during the 1935 pre-London tour of Tonight at 8.30 and was then produced in 1936 at the Phoenix Theatre in London. It was later presented in New York (1936–1937) and Canada (1938). Like all the other plays in the cycle, it originally starred Gertrude Lawrence and Coward himself. The play has enjoyed several major revivals..comment Family Album is a short play by Noël Coward, one of ten that make up Tonight at 8:30, a cycle written to be performed across three evenings. It is described by the author as "A comedy of manners with music (period 1860)"..
5/9	==DB== runtime 1320.0.showName Family Album.executiveProducer Joe Port.executiveProducer Joe Wiseman.pictureFormat 720.0.pictureFormat 480.Family Album (TV pilot).Family Album is an American single-camera comedy television pilot that was in development for Fox as a midseason replacement in the 2011–12 television season, where it would serve as a fill-in for Glee during its break. The pilot was created and executive produced by Joe Port and Joe Wiseman for Fox Television Studios. On August 11, 2011, it was announced that the pilot would not be picked up to series by Fox..comment Family Album is an American single-camera comedy television pilot that was in development for Fox as a midseason replacement in the 2011–12 television season, where it would serve as a fill-in for Glee during its break. The pilot was created and executive produced by Joe Port and Joe Wiseman for Fox Television Studios. On August 11, 2011, it was announced that the pilot would not be picked up to series by Fox..
6/9	==DB== Family Album.length 5109.0.lastAlbum Stoneground.nextAlbum Stoneground 3.Family Album (Stoneground album).Family Album is the second album by American rock band Stoneground, a double album released in late 1971 on Warner Bros. It consists of both live and studio recordings and includes a mix of original songs and covers..comment Family Album is the second album by American rock band Stoneground, a double album released in late 1971 on Warner Bros. It consists of both live and studio recordings and includes a mix of original songs and covers..
7/9	==DB== runtime 1800.0.showName Family Album.starring Ashlee Levitch.starring Christopher Miranda.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 8.executiveProducer David Crane.executiveProducer Marta Kauffman.lastAired 1993-11-12.Family Album (1993 TV series).Family Album is an American sitcom that aired from September 24 until November 12, 1993..comment Family Album is an American sitcom that aired from September 24 until November 12, 1993..
8/9	==DB== Family Album, U.S.A..Family Album, U.S.A. is a 1991 book by George Lefferts that later became a television course teaching English on an example of American everyday life. It was published by Maxwell Macmillan International Publishing Group. The television series was directed by Jo Anne Sedwick and Merrill M. Mazuer and produced by Alvin Cooperman..comment Family Album, U.S.A. is a 1991 book by George Lefferts that later became a television course teaching English on an example of American everyday life. It was published by Maxwell Macmillan International Publishing Group. The television series was directed by Jo Anne Sedwick and Merrill M. Mazuer and produced by Alvin Cooperman..
9/9	==DB== Family Album.length 2593.0.Family Album (David Allan Coe album).Family Album is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe. It was released in 1978 on Columbia..comment Family Album is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe. It was released in 1978 on Columbia..
===263	fashion magazine	2
1/2	==DB== List of fashion magazines.This is a list of notable fashion magazines..comment This is a list of notable fashion magazines..
2/2	==DB== title Fashion.issn 1714.based Toronto.imageCaption August 2013 cover featuring Demi Lovato.totalCirculation 142016.circulationYear December 2011.Fashion (magazine).Fashion is a Canadian fashion magazine published by St. Joseph Media. Established in 1977, it is currently based in Toronto (with satellite offices in Vancouver, Calgary and Montreal), publishes 10 issues a year and has a total readership of 1.85 million (PMB Oct 2010). The magazine covers international, national and local fashion and beauty trends and news. It aims to reach affluent, style-conscious urban women. The current editor-in-chief is Bernadette Morra. Previous to joining Fashion, Morra spent 23 years at the Toronto Star, first as fashion writer, then (since 1993) as fashion editor. She left the Star in 2008 to be a freelance writer and launch a website for jewellery lovers. Bernadette has reported from the runways of Milan, London, Paris and New York, and interviewed many top fashion designers, models and celebrities including Karl Lagerfeld, Marc Jacobs, Nicolas Ghesquiere, Victoria Beckham and Linda Evangelista. In 2009, FASHION launched its men's magazine Men's FASHION as a bi-annual special interest publication. In 2012, they added a Holiday issue, in addition to the Spring/Summer and Fall/Winter editions.The current editor-in-chief is Canadian journalist David Livingstone. St. Joseph Media, the magazine's publisher, also publishes Toronto Life, Canadian Family, Weddingbells, Quill & Quire and Where Canada magazines..comment Fashion is a Canadian fashion magazine published by St. Joseph Media. Established in 1977, it is currently based in Toronto (with satellite offices in Vancouver, Calgary and Montreal), publishes 10 issues a year and has a total readership of 1.85 million (PMB Oct 2010). The magazine covers international, national and local fashion and beauty trends and news. It aims to reach affluent, style-conscious urban women. St. Joseph Media, the magazine's publisher, also publishes Toronto Life, Canadian Family, Weddingbells, Quill & Quire and Where Canada magazines..
===264	field day	11
1/11	==DB== Field Day (Sydney festival).Field Day is an outdoor music festival held every year on New Years Day in Sydney at The Domain. It is a one-day music festival showcasing hip-hop, house, indie and electronic artists from all over the world. The event has been running since 2002 and has become a popular annual music event, attracting over 20,000 people. In 2007 and 2008 Field Day was voted the best festival in New South Wales in the annual InTheMix 50..comment Field Day is an outdoor music festival held every year on New Years Day in Sydney at The Domain. It is a one-day music festival showcasing hip-hop, house, indie and electronic artists from all over the world. The event has been running since 2002 and has become a popular annual music event, attracting over 20,000 people. In 2007 and 2008 Field Day was voted the best festival in New South Wales in the annual InTheMix 50..
2/11	==DB== Field Day (festival).Field Day is a yearly outdoor music festival set up in Victoria Park in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. The first festival took place on 11 August 2007. It has continuously expanded, and since its inception, ticket allocation for the festival has sold out every year..comment Field Day is a yearly outdoor music festival set up in Victoria Park in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. The first festival took place on 11 August 2007. It has continuously expanded, and since its inception, ticket allocation for the festival has sold out every year..
3/11	==DB== 
4/11	==DB== Field Day.lastAlbum Archive Collection Volume II.nextAlbum Wildlife.nextAlbum 2008.Field Day (Anthony Phillips album).Field Day is the first studio album from Anthony Phillips in 5 years in between various series releases of the Archive Collection, library & TV projects and compilations. It is also the sequel to Private Parts & Pieces V: Twelve, in which the acoustic guitar is the sole instrument on the album. The sleeve cover is designed by GR/DD, based in London.As Anthony Phillips explains in the sleeve notes, the album started off as a small project but not only grew in time, it also took a long time to record the album due to other project schedules..comment Field Day is the first studio album from Anthony Phillips in 5 years in between various series releases of the Archive Collection, library & TV projects and compilations. It is also the sequel to Private Parts & Pieces V: Twelve, in which the acoustic guitar is the sole instrument on the album. The sleeve cover is designed by GR/DD, based in London.As Anthony Phillips explains in the sleeve notes, the album started off as a small project but not only grew in time, it also took a long time to record the album due to other project schedules..
5/11	==DB== Field Day Theatre Company.The Field Day Theatre Company began as an artistic collaboration between playwright Brian Friel and actor Stephen Rea. In 1980, the duo set out to launch a production of Friel's recently completed play, Translations. They decided to rehearse and premiere the play in Derry with the hope of establishing a major theatre company for Northern Ireland. The production and performance of Translations generated a level of excitement and anticipation that unified, if only for a short time, the various factions of a divided community. Although Field Day has never put forth a formal mission statement, their intention was to create a space, a 'fifth province,' that transcended the crippling oppositions of Irish politics. The term 'fifth province' — Ireland consists of four provinces – was coined by the editors of an Irish Journal, The Crane Bag, to name an imaginary cultural space from which a new discourse of unity might emerge. In addition to being an enormous popular and critical success, Field Day's first production created just such a space. After the production of Translations, Seamus Heaney, Ireland's most prominent poet, recognised the importance of what they had accomplished and urged Brian Friel to continue with the project: "this was what theatre was supposed to do" (cited in Richtarik, 65). That the company was established in Derry, Northern Ireland's "second city," is significant. Although Friel knew the city well (he had lived there until 1967), Derry, being close to the border, was a hot-spot in the north-south tensions during the "The Troubles". Furthermore, its western location and its relationship to Belfast, Northern Ireland's east coast capital, underline a second historically older division in Ireland – the division between the cosmopolitan east and the rural, romantic west..comment The Field Day Theatre Company began as an artistic collaboration between playwright Brian Friel and actor Stephen Rea. In 1980, the duo set out to launch a production of Friel's recently completed play, Translations. They decided to rehearse and premiere the play in Derry with the hope of establishing a major theatre company for Northern Ireland. The production and performance of Translations generated a level of excitement and anticipation that unified, if only for a short time, the various factions of a divided community..
6/11	==DB== Field Day.Wounded Bird.length 2185.0.released --10-25.released June 1983.lastAlbum Marshall Crenshaw.nextAlbum Downtown.recorded Record Plant in NYC in February 1983.Field Day (Marshall Crenshaw album).Field Day is the second album by Detroit-born musician Marshall Crenshaw. It includes his hit single, "Whenever You're on My Mind", which was aided by a popular early MTV music video and reached No. 23 on Billboard's Rock Tracks Chart. The cover photo was shot in front of Marshall's alma mater Berkley High School. The album peaked at No. 52 in Billboard magazine, lasting 14 weeks on the chart. Shortly after the release of Field Day, Marshall released an EP in the UK with five songs, four of which were remixes of the Steve Lillywhite produced songs on the album and one which was a live tune. Critic Robert Christgau gave it a perfect rating: A+..comment Field Day is the second album by Detroit-born musician Marshall Crenshaw. It includes his hit single, "Whenever You're on My Mind", which was aided by a popular early MTV music video and reached No. 23 on Billboard's Rock Tracks Chart. The cover photo was shot in front of Marshall's alma mater Berkley High School. The album peaked at No. 52 in Billboard magazine, lasting 14 weeks on the chart..
7/11	==DB== Field Day.length 2630.0.length 2034.0.lastAlbum Wig Out at Denko's.nextAlbum Four on the Floor.Field Day (Dag Nasty album).Field Day is a studio album by Dag Nasty released in 1988 through Giant Records; it was released in Europe on We Bite Records. The album features a cover-version of The Ruts classic "Staring at the Rude Boys". It also offers a new recording of the band classic 'Under Your Influence'. The original version appears on the band's debut LP Can I Say with vocalist Dave Smalley. The CD bonus track "12XU" is originally written by Wire but has been covered by Brian Baker's former band Minor Threat, too..comment Field Day is a studio album by Dag Nasty released in 1988 through Giant Records; it was released in Europe on We Bite Records. The album features a cover-version of The Ruts classic "Staring at the Rude Boys". It also offers a new recording of the band classic 'Under Your Influence'. The original version appears on the band's debut LP Can I Say with vocalist Dave Smalley. The CD bonus track "12XU" is originally written by Wire but has been covered by Brian Baker's former band Minor Threat, too..
8/11	==DB== Field day (agriculture).A field day is a large trade show for agricultural industry and equipment, especially for broadacre farming. It contrasts with an agricultural show in that a show focuses on livestock and judging, a field day focuses on equipment, demonstrations and processes. A field day may include events such as ploughing competitions not usually associated with shows due to the larger space required. The events are good sources of agricultural information, as organizers can arrange for guest speakers to talk on a range of topics..comment A field day is a large trade show for agricultural industry and equipment, especially for broadacre farming. It contrasts with an agricultural show in that a show focuses on livestock and judging, a field day focuses on equipment, demonstrations and processes. A field day may include events such as ploughing competitions not usually associated with shows due to the larger space required. The events are good sources of agricultural information, as organizers can arrange for guest speakers to talk on a range of topics..
9/11	==SS== A parade day.
10/11	==DB== Field Day (amateur radio).Field Day is an annual amateur radio exercise, widely sponsored by IARU regions and member organizations, encouraging emergency communications preparedness among amateur radio operators. In the United States, it is typically the largest single emergency preparedness exercise in the country, with over 30,000 operators participating each year. Field Day is always the fourth full weekend of June, beginning at 1800 UTC Saturday and running through 2059 UTC Sunday. Since the first ARRL Field Day in 1933, radio amateurs throughout North America have practiced the rapid deployment of radio communications equipment in environments ranging from operations under tents in remote areas to operations inside Emergency Operations Centers (EOCs). Operations using emergency and alternative power sources are highly encouraged, since electricity and other public infrastructures are often among the first to fail during a natural disaster or severe weather. To determine the effectiveness of the exercise and of each participant's operations, there is an integrated contesting component, and many clubs also engage in concurrent leisure activities (camping out, cookouts, etc.). Operations typically last a continuous twenty-four hours, requiring scheduled relief operators to keep stations on the air. Additional contest points are awarded for experimenting with unusual modes, making contacts via satellite, and involving youth in the activity..comment Field Day is an annual amateur radio exercise, widely sponsored by IARU regions and member organizations, encouraging emergency communications preparedness among amateur radio operators. In the United States, it is typically the largest single emergency preparedness exercise in the country, with over 30,000 operators participating each year. Field Day is always the fourth full weekend of June, beginning at 1800 UTC Saturday and running through 2059 UTC Sunday..
11/11	==DB== Field Day.yearsActive –.yearsActive 2004.background group_or_band.Lethal Records, Devil Doll Records, Cargo Records, Onefoot Records.pastMembers John Hiebert.pastMembers Jay Kreway.pastMembers Jonas Smith.pastMembers Brock McAndless.pastMembers Roger Nilson.pastMembers Paul Gerber.Field Day (band).Field Day was a Canadian pop-punk band from Calgary formed in 1994. The band's original lineup consisted of guitarist and singer John Hiebert, drummer Jay Kreway (who were both members of Calgary punk band "Ninth Configuration") along with bassist Jonas Smith (also known as Joner Baloner)..comment Field Day was a Canadian pop-punk band from Calgary formed in 1994. The band's original lineup consisted of guitarist and singer John Hiebert, drummer Jay Kreway (who were both members of Calgary punk band "Ninth Configuration") along with bassist Jonas Smith (also known as Joner Baloner)..
===265	first strike	8
1/8	==DB== Police Story 4: First Strike.writer Greg Mellott.writer Elliot Tong.writer Nick Tramontane.distributor Golden Harvest.runtime 6600.0.starring Jackson Lou.gross United States:.gross Hong Kong:.gross HK $57,518,795.gross US $15,318,863.Police Story 4: First Strike.Police Story 4: First Strike (Chinese: 警察故事4之簡單任務, often released as Jackie Chan's First Strike) is a 1996 Hong Kong action film written and directed by Stanley Tong, starring Jackie Chan, Jackson Lou, Wu Chen-chun and Bill Tung. The film was released in Hong Kong on 10 February 1996. Jackie reprises his role as Chan Ka-kui (also known in some versions as Jackie) yet again as a Hong Kong cop who works with Interpol to track down and arrest an illegal weapons dealer. Later Ka-Kui realizes that things are not as simple as they appear and soon finds himself a pawn of an organization posing as Russian intelligence. The movie was shot partially in Brisbane in Queensland, Australia, where the last half of the movie is based. Chinatown, Brisbane in Fortitude Valley and Underwater World on the Sunshine Coast were used. The movie was shot in the months between August and November 1995. To advertise First Strike, Jackie recorded the song 怎麼會 Zenme Hui and also made a music-video for it. As is typical with Chan's pictures, the US version does not feature the theme song..comment Police Story 4: First Strike (Chinese: 警察故事4之簡單任務, often released as Jackie Chan's First Strike) is a 1996 Hong Kong action film written and directed by Stanley Tong, starring Jackie Chan, Jackson Lou, Wu Chen-chun and Bill Tung. The film was released in Hong Kong on 10 February 1996. The movie was shot partially in Brisbane in Queensland, Australia, where the last half of the movie is based. Chinatown, Brisbane in Fortitude Valley and Underwater World on the Sunshine Coast were used. The movie was shot in the months between August and November 1995..
2/8	==DB== First Strike.pages 340.isbn 0.mediaType Print.series Halo.releaseDate 2003-12-02.Halo: First Strike.Halo: First Strike is a military science fiction novel by Eric Nylund, based on the Halo series of video games. The book was released in December 2003 and is the third Halo novel; Nylund's second contribution to the series. The novel serves as a bridge between the events of the games Halo: Combat Evolved and its 2004 sequel Halo 2. First Strike was also released as an audiobook, narrated by Todd McLaren. Halo: First Strike opens with the arrival of the Covenant armada at the human stronghold planet of Reach. The book follows both the unsuccessful attempt to defend Reach by the SPARTAN-IIs who were on the planet's surface and the adventures of the rag-tag survivors of the battle at Alpha Halo. The book also reveals that humanity's worst fear is going to come true: the Covenant is on its way to Earth. The book was well received by critics and sold well, making The New York Times Best Seller list. Critics found it added depth to the Halo video games and that it was exciting throughout..comment Halo: First Strike is a military science fiction novel by Eric Nylund, based on the Halo series of video games. The book was released in December 2003 and is the third Halo novel; Nylund's second contribution to the series. The novel serves as a bridge between the events of the games Halo: Combat Evolved and its 2004 sequel Halo 2. First Strike was also released as an audiobook, narrated by Todd McLaren..
3/8	==DB== showName First Strike.First Strike (1979 film).First Strike is a 1979 film created by KRON-TV and Chronicle Publishing Company under the broadcast division name "Chronicle Broadcasting Company" in partnership with the United States Department of Defense and the RAND Corporation that discusses the United States armed forces strategy for dealing with nuclear warfare. The film became far better known when various clips were edited into the 1983 TV film The Day After..comment First Strike is a 1979 film created by KRON-TV and Chronicle Publishing Company under the broadcast division name "Chronicle Broadcasting Company" in partnership with the United States Department of Defense and the RAND Corporation that discusses the United States armed forces strategy for dealing with nuclear warfare. The film became far better known when various clips were edited into the 1983 TV film The Day After..
4/8	==DB== First strike.
5/8	==DB== Pre-emptive nuclear strike.In nuclear strategy, a first strike is a preemptive surprise attack employing overwhelming force. First strike capability is a country's ability to defeat another nuclear power by destroying its arsenal to the point where the attacking country can survive the weakened retaliation while the opposing side is left unable to continue war. The preferred methodology is to attack the opponent's strategic nuclear weapon facilities (missile silos, submarine bases, bomber airfields), command and control sites, and storage depots first. The strategy is called counterforce..comment In nuclear strategy, a first strike is a preemptive surprise attack employing overwhelming force. First strike capability is a country's ability to defeat another nuclear power by destroying its arsenal to the point where the attacking country can survive the weakened retaliation while the opposing side is left unable to continue war. The preferred methodology is to attack the opponent's strategic nuclear weapon facilities (missile silos, submarine bases, bomber airfields), command and control sites, and storage depots first. The strategy is called counterforce..
6/8	==DB== First Strike (comics).First Strike is a fictional government funded team of superheroes published by DC Comics. They first appeared in Uncle Sam and the Freedom Fighters #3 (November 2006), and were created by Jimmy Palmiotti, Justin Gray and Daniel Acuña. The team is largely an allegory for the perils of "unrestricted state power and authority.".comment First Strike is a fictional government funded team of superheroes published by DC Comics. They first appeared in Uncle Sam and the Freedom Fighters #3 (November 2006), and were created by Jimmy Palmiotti, Justin Gray and Daniel Acuña. The team is largely an allegory for the perils of "unrestricted state power and authority.".
7/8	==DB== First Strike Coins.Although the U.S. Mint maintains that there is no widely accepted and standardized numismatic industry definition of "first strike" coins, First Strike coins definitely exist in the coin industry. Still, they are recent developments, having been first promoted in 2005. The most frequently promoted First Strike coins are American Gold Eagle coins, American Silver Eagle coins, American Platinum Eagle coins, and the new American Gold Buffalo coins. One often seen definition of First Strike coins calls them "the first coins struck from a new set of dies." Another calls them "near-perfect specimens produced within the first few hundred strikings in an edition." The U.S. Mint's production and distribution practices challenge both definitions. The U.S. Mint does not track the order in which it mints coins during their production and does not segregate or specifically identify the first coins minted from a set of dies. The Mint produces up to fifty percent of the projected sales of new coins weeks prior to their release. Further, the Mint does not necessarily ship coins in the order in which they were minted, thereby making it impossible for promoters of First Strike coins to know that the coins being promoted as First Strike are actually the "first coins struck from a new set of dies." The numbering on the boxes of coins shipped from the Mint are for accounting and inventory purposes only and do not reflect the order in which the coins were minted. No U.S. Mint First Strike Program The U.S. Mint has no First Strike program for the minting and distribution of its coins. However, the Mint sometimes does "first strikings" of new coins, but the "first strikings" are ceremonial and usually consist of only two coins, which are not set aside but are put into the regular inventory of the new coins. It is probably from these ceremonial strikings that promoters came up the idea of First Strike coins. PCGS and NGC First Strike Coins The premier coin grading services that grade First Strike coins are Professional Coin Grading Service (PCGS) and NGC (Numismatic Guaranty Corporation). These two firms' positions on First Strike coins more clearly explain what First Strike coins really are. The PCGS website does not discuss First Strike coins, but does post the U.S. Mint's position. However, the NGC website designates as First Strike those coins that were shipped from the U.S. Mint within the first month of their official release. PCGS says that for coins to be labeled First Strike, they must be received within thirty days of commencement of shipping (or have documentation that "proves" that the coins were shipped during the first thirty days of a coin's production.) NGC does not assert that the coins eligible to be labeled First Strike are among the first coins struck but are coins shipped within the first month of release. Further, NGC includes in the First Strike category "coins of early or first release. A general term for these coins is first strikes." In reality, the NGC position on First Strike coins offers the best definition: coins of early or first release. While First Strike coins may be from the first strikings of a new set of dies, in reality there is no way for graders or promoters of First Strike coins know that the coins they are promoting were from the first strikes of new dies. First Strike Not Trademarked Some websites maintain that PCGS trademarked First Strike. However, a search of the U.S. Patent Office's website does not evidence that, and a search of the PGCS website did not find any claim of having trademarked First Strike. NGC asserts there is no trademark for First Strike and that it is a generic term in the coin industry..comment Although the U.S. Mint maintains that there is no widely accepted and standardized numismatic industry definition of "first strike" coins, First Strike coins definitely exist in the coin industry. Still, they are recent developments, having been first promoted in 2005. The most frequently promoted First Strike coins are American Gold Eagle coins, American Silver Eagle coins, American Platinum Eagle coins, and the new American Gold Buffalo coins. No U.S. Mint First Strike Program PCGS and NGC First Strike Coins First Strike Not Trademarked.
8/8	==DB== title First Strike.season 3.airdate 2007-02-05.episode 20.guests * Michael Beach as Abe Ellis * Jewel Staite as Jennifer Keller * Kavan Smith as Evan Lorne * David Nykl as Radek Zelenka * David Ogden Stiers as Oberoth * Chuck Campbell as Chuck * Heather Doerksen as Apollo tech * Donna Soars as Coleman * Jay Williams as Adams.First Strike (Stargate Atlantis)."First Strike" is the 60th episode and the third season finale of the science fiction television series Stargate Atlantis. The episode originally aired in Canada on February 5, 2007 on The Movie Network, and subsequently aired March 14 on Sky One in the United Kingdom, and June 22 on the United States Sci Fi Channel. It was written by executive producer Martin Gero, and directed by Martin Wood. The episode is the first of a three-parter, in which the new Earth ship Apollo arrives at Atlantis to conduct a preemptive strike against the Asurans before they can launch a fleet to attack Earth. "First Strike" was a beginning to a new direction for the series. It aired alongside "Unending", the series finale of Stargate SG-1. At the time it was considered the best episode the producers have done, and featured one of the longest visual effects sequences in the series. The episode earned Stargate Atlantis the strongest ratings since the mid-season hiatus, and was generally well received..comment "First Strike" is the 60th episode and the third season finale of the science fiction television series Stargate Atlantis. The episode originally aired in Canada on February 5, 2007 on The Movie Network, and subsequently aired March 14 on Sky One in the United Kingdom, and June 22 on the United States Sci Fi Channel. It was written by executive producer Martin Gero, and directed by Martin Wood. The episode is the first of a three-parter, in which the new Earth ship Apollo arrives at Atlantis to conduct a preemptive strike against the Asurans before they can launch a fleet to attack Earth..
===266	graduate student	3
1/3	==DB== Postgraduate education.Postgraduate education, or graduate education in North America, involves learning and studying for academic or professional degrees, academic or professional certificates, academic or professional diplomas, or other qualifications for which a first or bachelor's degree generally is required, and it is normally considered to be part of higher education. In North America, this level is generally referred to as graduate school. The organization and structure of postgraduate education varies in different countries, as well as in different institutions within countries. This article outlines the basic types of courses and of teaching and examination methods, with some explanation of their history..comment Postgraduate education, or graduate education in North America, involves learning and studying for academic or professional degrees, academic or professional certificates, academic or professional diplomas, or other qualifications for which a first or bachelor's degree generally is required, and it is normally considered to be part of higher education. In North America, this level is generally referred to as graduate school..
2/3	==DB== Graduate school.A graduate school (sometimes shortened as grad school) is a school that awards advanced academic degrees (i.e. master's and doctoral degrees) with the general requirement that students must have earned a previous undergraduate (bachelor's) degree with a high grade point average. A distinction is typically made between graduate schools (where courses of study vary in the degree to which they provide training for a particular profession) and professional schools, which offer specialized advanced degrees in professional fields such as medicine, nursing, business, engineering, or law. The distinction between graduate schools and professional schools is not absolute, as various professional schools offer graduate degrees (e.g., some nursing schools offer a master's degree in nursing). Also, some graduate degrees train students for a specific profession (e.g. an MSc or a PhD in epidemiology trains a person to be an epidemiologist). Many universities award graduate degrees; a graduate school is not necessarily a separate institution. While the term "graduate school" is typical in the United States and often used elsewhere (e.g. Canada), "postgraduate education" is also used in some English-speaking countries (Australia, Canada, Ireland, India, Bangladesh, New Zealand, Pakistan and the UK) to refer to the spectrum of education beyond a bachelor's degree. Those attending graduate schools are called "graduate students" (in both American and British English), or often in British English as "postgraduate students" and, colloquially, "postgraduates" and "postgrads". Degrees awarded to graduate students include master's degrees, doctoral degrees, and other postgraduate qualifications such as graduate certificates and professional degrees. Producing original research is a significant component of graduate studies in the humanities (e.g., English literature, history, philosophy), sciences (e.g., biology, chemistry, zoology) and social sciences (e.g., sociology). This research typically leads to the writing and defense of a thesis or dissertation. In graduate programs that are oriented towards professional training (e.g., MPA, MBA, MHA), the degrees may consist solely of coursework, without an original research or thesis component. The term "graduate school" is primarily North American. Additionally, in North America, the term does not usually refer to medical school (whose students are called "medical students"), and only occasionally refers to law school or business school; these are often collectively termed professional schools. Graduate students in the humanities, sciences and social sciences often receive funding from the school (e.g., fellowships or scholarships) and/or a teaching assistant position or other job; in the profession-oriented grad programs, students are less likely to get funding, and the fees are typically much higher. Although graduate school programs are distinct from undergraduate degree programs, graduate instruction (in the US, Australia and other countries) is often offered by some of the same senior academic staff and departments who teach undergraduate courses. Unlike in undergraduate programs, however, it is less common for graduate students to take coursework outside their specific field of study at graduate or graduate entry level. At the Ph.D. level, though, it is quite common to take courses from a wider range of study, for which some fixed portion of coursework, sometimes known as a residency, is typically required to be taken from outside the department and college of the degree-seeking candidate, to broaden the research abilities of the student. Some institutions designate separate graduate versus undergraduate staff and denote other divisions..comment A graduate school (sometimes shortened as grad school) is a school that awards advanced academic degrees (i.e. master's and doctoral degrees) with the general requirement that students must have earned a previous undergraduate (bachelor's) degree with a high grade point average. A distinction is typically made between graduate schools (where courses of study vary in the degree to which they provide training for a particular profession) and professional schools, which offer specialized advanced degrees in professional fields such as medicine, nursing, business, engineering, or law. The distinction between graduate schools and professional schools is not absolute, as various professional schools offer graduate degrees (e.g., some nursing schools offer a master's degree in nursing). Also, som.
3/3	==SS== A university student, usually already possessing a four-year degree, who is working on a master's degree or Ph.D.
===267	growth rate	3
1/3	==DB== Population growth rate.
2/3	==DB== Growth rate (group theory).In group theory, the growth rate of a group with respect to a symmetric generating set describes the size of balls in the group. Every element in the group can be written as a product of generators, and the growth rate counts the number of elements that can be written as a product of length n..comment In group theory, the growth rate of a group with respect to a symmetric generating set describes the size of balls in the group. Every element in the group can be written as a product of generators, and the growth rate counts the number of elements that can be written as a product of length n..
3/3	==DB== Compound annual growth rate.Compound annual growth rate (CAGR) is a business and investing specific term for the geometric progression ratio that provides a constant rate of return over the time period. CAGR is not an accounting term, but it is often used to describe some element of the business, for example revenue, units delivered, registered users, etc. CAGR dampens the effect of volatility of periodic returns that can render arithmetic means irrelevant. It is particularly useful to compare growth rates from various data sets of common domain such as revenue growth of companies in the same industry..comment Compound annual growth rate (CAGR) is a business and investing specific term for the geometric progression ratio that provides a constant rate of return over the time period. CAGR is not an accounting term, but it is often used to describe some element of the business, for example revenue, units delivered, registered users, etc. CAGR dampens the effect of volatility of periodic returns that can render arithmetic means irrelevant. It is particularly useful to compare growth rates from various data sets of common domain such as revenue growth of companies in the same industry..
===268	home improvement	5
1/5	==DB== Home Improvements.producer Tim Cole, David Bridie.length 3897.0.Home Improvements.Home Improvements is the sixth studio album by Melbourne band My Friend the Chocolate Cake. The album was released in 2007..comment Home Improvements is the sixth studio album by Melbourne band My Friend the Chocolate Cake. The album was released in 2007..
2/5	==DB== genre 2.title Home Improvement: Power Tool Pursuit!.Home Improvement: Power Tool Pursuit!.Home Improvement: Power Tool Pursuit! is an 2D action platformer video game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System based on the sitcom Home Improvement. A version for the Sega Genesis was reported, but never released..comment Home Improvement: Power Tool Pursuit! is an 2D action platformer video game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System based on the sitcom Home Improvement. A version for the Sega Genesis was reported, but never released..
3/5	==SS== 
4/5	==DB== producer Gayle S. Maffeo.producer Alan Padula.producer John Pasquin.runtime 1320.0.location Burbank, California.showName Home Improvement.starring Tim Allen.numSeasons 8.numEpisodes 204.executiveProducer Carmen Finestra.executiveProducer David McFadzean.executiveProducer Matt Williams.executiveProducer Elliot Shoenman.executiveProducer Charlie Hauck.executiveProducer Tim Allen.executiveProducer Laurie Gelman.company Wind Dancer Productions.pictureFormat 480.firstAired 1991-09-17.lastAired 1999-05-25.editor Marco Zappia.editor James Spach.editor Richard Russell.editor Roger Ames Berger.editor Alex Gimenez.Home Improvement (TV series).Home Improvement is an American television sitcom starring Tim Allen that aired on ABC from September 17, 1991, to May 25, 1999, with a total of 204 half-hour episodes spanning over eight seasons. The series was created by Matt Williams, Carmen Finestra and David McFadzean. In the 1990s it was one of the most watched sitcoms in the American market, winning many awards. The series launched Tim Allen's acting career and was the start of the television career of Pamela Anderson, who was part of the recurring cast for the first two seasons..comment Home Improvement is an American television sitcom starring Tim Allen that aired on ABC from September 17, 1991, to May 25, 1999, with a total of 204 half-hour episodes spanning over eight seasons. The series was created by Matt Williams, Carmen Finestra and David McFadzean. In the 1990s it was one of the most watched sitcoms in the American market, winning many awards. The series launched Tim Allen's acting career and was the start of the television career of Pamela Anderson, who was part of the recurring cast for the first two seasons..
5/5	==DB== Home improvement.Home improvement, home renovation or remodeling is the process of renovating or making additions to one's home. Building materials and hardware for home improvement projects are typically purchased at home improvement stores..comment Home improvement, home renovation or remodeling is the process of renovating or making additions to one's home. Building materials and hardware for home improvement projects are typically purchased at home improvement stores..
===269	horse barn	3
1/3	==DB== 
2/3	==DB== Barn.A barn is an agricultural building usually located on farms and used for various purposes. In the North American area, a barn refers to structures that house livestock, including cattle and horses, as well as equipment and fodder, and often grain. As a result, the term barn is often qualified e.g. tobacco barn, dairy barn, sheep barn, potato barn. In the British Isles, the term barn is restricted mainly to storage structures for unthreshed cereals and fodder, the terms byre or shippon being applied to cow shelters, whereas horses are kept in buildings known as stables. On the Continent, however, barns were often part of integrated structures known as byre-dwellings (or housebarns in US literature). In addition, barns may be used for equipment storage, as a covered workplace, and for activities such as threshing..comment A barn is an agricultural building usually located on farms and used for various purposes. In the North American area, a barn refers to structures that house livestock, including cattle and horses, as well as equipment and fodder, and often grain. As a result, the term barn is often qualified e.g. tobacco barn, dairy barn, sheep barn, potato barn. In the British Isles, the term barn is restricted mainly to storage structures for unthreshed cereals and fodder, the terms byre or shippon being applied to cow shelters, whereas horses are kept in buildings known as stables. On the Continent, however, barns were often part of integrated structures known as byre-dwellings (or housebarns in US literature). In addition, barns may be used for equipment storage, as a covered workplace, and for activi.
3/3	==DB== Horse Barn.built 1929.added 1995-04-25.refnum 95000433.Horse Barn (Bryce Canyon, Utah).The Horse Barn at Bryce Canyon National Park, Utah, is a rustic structure built in 1929, shortly after the National Park Service assumed control of the new park lands from the U.S. Forest Service. The Park Service set about improving facilities in the park, using a design by the Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an example of NPS design work of the late 1920s. The barn measures about 18 by 21.5 feet (5.5 by 6.6 m). The wood frame building is covered in 12 inches (300 mm) weatherboards and rests on a concrete slab. The west side features a board-and-batten entry door with a small vision light. with a four-by-four light sliding window on the main level and a four-light hopper window in the gable. The east side includes a four-by-four light sliding window on the main level and a board-and-batten door for hay in the gable. The south side includes board doors flanked by four-by-four sliding windows and a paneled entry door at the south end. The interior of the barn has been converted to a mechanic's shop. It consists of two small rooms and one large room, with board wall finishes in the small rooms and gypsum wallboard finish in the larger room. The barn has been moved from its original location to a small collection of NPS and Utah Parks Company structures that were moved to the site from the 1950s. The original site was close to the present Old National Park Service Housing Historic District. The barn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 25, 1995..comment The Horse Barn at Bryce Canyon National Park, Utah, is a rustic structure built in 1929, shortly after the National Park Service assumed control of the new park lands from the U.S. Forest Service. The Park Service set about improving facilities in the park, using a design by the Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an example of NPS design work of the late 1920s. The barn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 25, 1995..
===270	industry standard	2
1/2	==DB== Industry Standard.length 2247.0.lastAlbum Unsung Heroes.nextAlbum Off the Record.Industry Standard.Industry Standard is a 1982 album by The Dregs. It is their only album featuring vocals (by Alex Ligertwood of Santana and Patrick Simmons of The Doobie Brothers on one track each) and garnered the group their fourth Grammy nomination. Ligertwood sang on "Crank It Up". Simmons sang on and co-wrote "Ridin' High"..comment Industry Standard is a 1982 album by The Dregs. It is their only album featuring vocals (by Alex Ligertwood of Santana and Patrick Simmons of The Doobie Brothers on one track each) and garnered the group their fourth Grammy nomination. Ligertwood sang on "Crank It Up". Simmons sang on and co-wrote "Ridin' High"..
2/2	==DB== The Industry Standard.The Industry Standard is a U.S. news web site dedicated to technology business news, part of InfoWorld, a news website covering technology in general. It is a revival of a weekly magazine based in San Francisco which was published between 1998 and 2001..comment The Industry Standard is a U.S. news web site dedicated to technology business news, part of InfoWorld, a news website covering technology in general. It is a revival of a weekly magazine based in San Francisco which was published between 1998 and 2001..
===271	love affair	9
1/9	==SS== An affair; a usually adulterous relationship between people who are not married to each other.{{ux|en|He was involved in a '''love affair''' with a married woman.}} 
2/9	==DB== Love Affair.producer Leo McCarey.screenplay S.N. Behrman.distributor RKO Radio Pictures.runtime 5220.0.budget 860000.0.gross 1750000.0.Love Affair (1939 film).Love Affair is a 1939 American romantic film starring Irene Dunne and Charles Boyer and featuring Maria Ouspenskaya. It was directed by Leo McCarey and written by Delmer Daves and Donald Ogden Stewart, based on a story by McCarey and Mildred Cram..comment Love Affair is a 1939 American romantic film starring Irene Dunne and Charles Boyer and featuring Maria Ouspenskaya. It was directed by Leo McCarey and written by Delmer Daves and Donald Ogden Stewart, based on a story by McCarey and Mildred Cram..
3/9	==DB== Love Affair.distributor Columbia Pictures.runtime 4080.0.released 1932-03-17.Love Affair (1932 film).Love Affair is a 1932 American Pre-Code romantic drama film starring Dorothy Mackaill as an adventurous socialite and Humphrey Bogart as the airplane designer she falls for. It is based on the short story of the same name by Ursula Parrott..comment Love Affair is a 1932 American Pre-Code romantic drama film starring Dorothy Mackaill as an adventurous socialite and Humphrey Bogart as the airplane designer she falls for. It is based on the short story of the same name by Ursula Parrott..
4/9	==DB== Love Affair.artist Amii Stewart.lastAlbum The Men I Love.nextAlbum Knock On Wood - The Best Of Amii Stewart.Love Affair (album).Love Affair is a studio album by Amii Stewart released in 1996..comment Love Affair is a studio album by Amii Stewart released in 1996..
5/9	==DB== Love Affair.screenplay Warren Beatty.runtime 6480.0.starring *.starring * Warren Beatty *.budget 6.0E7.released 1994-10-21.basedOn Love Affair screenplay by.gross 1.8272894E7.Love Affair (1994 film).Love Affair is a 1994 romantic drama film, and a remake of the 1939 film of the same name. It was directed by Glenn Gordon Caron and produced by Warren Beatty from a screenplay by Robert Towne and Beatty, based on the 1939 screenplay by Delmer Daves and Donald Ogden Stewart, based on the story by Mildred Cram and Leo McCarey. The music score was by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography by Conrad L. Hall. The film stars Beatty, Annette Bening and Katharine Hepburn in her last film role, with Garry Shandling, Chloe Webb, Pierce Brosnan, Kate Capshaw, Paul Mazursky and Brenda Vaccaro..comment Love Affair is a 1994 romantic drama film, and a remake of the 1939 film of the same name. It was directed by Glenn Gordon Caron and produced by Warren Beatty from a screenplay by Robert Towne and Beatty, based on the 1939 screenplay by Delmer Daves and Donald Ogden Stewart, based on the story by Mildred Cram and Leo McCarey. The music score was by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography by Conrad L. Hall. The film stars Beatty, Annette Bening and Katharine Hepburn in her last film role, with Garry Shandling, Chloe Webb, Pierce Brosnan, Kate Capshaw, Paul Mazursky and Brenda Vaccaro..
6/9	==DB== Love Affair, or the Case of the Missing Switchboard Operator.writer Dušan Makavejev.runtime 4740.0.Love Affair, or the Case of the Missing Switchboard Operator.Love Affair, or the Case of the Missing Switchboard Operator (Serbo-Croatian: 'Ljubavni slučaj ili tragedija službenice P.T.T.') is a 1967 Yugoslav film directed by Dušan Makavejev..comment Love Affair, or the Case of the Missing Switchboard Operator (Serbo-Croatian: 'Ljubavni slučaj ili tragedija službenice P.T.T.') is a 1967 Yugoslav film directed by Dušan Makavejev..
7/9	==DB== The Love Affair.runtime 7500.0.language Filipino.The Love Affair (film).The Love Affair is a 2015 Filipino drama film starring Richard Gomez, Dawn Zulueta and Bea Alonzo. It is written by Vanessa R. Valdez and directed by Nuel C. Naval. It was released on August 12, 2015 by Star Cinema. According to Box Office Mojo, the movie earned ₱170 million domestically after 4 weeks of showing. The film received mixed reviews from critics but received favorable reception at the box-office..comment The Love Affair is a 2015 Filipino drama film starring Richard Gomez, Dawn Zulueta and Bea Alonzo. It is written by Vanessa R. Valdez and directed by Nuel C. Naval. It was released on August 12, 2015 by Star Cinema. According to Box Office Mojo, the movie earned ₱170 million domestically after 4 weeks of showing. The film received mixed reviews from critics but received favorable reception at the box-office..
8/9	==DB== Love Affair.yearsActive 1966.background group_or_band.pastMembers Mick Jackson.pastMembers Maurice Bacon.pastMembers Rex Brayley.pastMembers Lynton Guest.Love Affair (band).Love Affair was a London-based pop, soul, R&B group formed in 1966. The group had several UK Singles Chart Top 10 hits, including the number one success, "Everlasting Love"..comment Love Affair was a London-based pop, soul, R&B group formed in 1966. The group had several UK Singles Chart Top 10 hits, including the number one success, "Everlasting Love"..
9/9	==DB== Love Affair.distributor T-Series.distributor Fish Eye Network Pvt Ltd.Love Affair (2016 film).Love Affair is an upcoming Indian Bollywood biographical film directed by Soni Razdan under the T-Series and Fish Eye Network Pvt Ltd banners. The principal photography of the film commenced in January 2016..comment Love Affair is an upcoming Indian Bollywood biographical film directed by Soni Razdan under the T-Series and Fish Eye Network Pvt Ltd banners. The principal photography of the film commenced in January 2016..
===272	murder mystery	2
1/2	==DB== Mystery fiction.Mystery fiction is a genre of fiction usually involving a mysterious death or a crime to be solved. In a closed circle of suspects, each suspect must have a credible motive and a reasonable opportunity for committing the crime. The central character must be a detective who eventually solves the mystery by logical deduction from facts fairly presented to the reader. Sometimes mystery books are nonfictional. "Mystery fiction" can be detective stories in which the emphasis is on the puzzle or suspense element and its logical solution such as a whodunit. Mystery fiction can be contrasted with hardboiled detective stories, which focus on action and gritty realism. Mystery fiction may involve a supernatural mystery where the solution does not have to be logical, and even no crime involved. This usage was common in the pulp magazines of the 1930s and 1940s, where titles such as Dime Mystery, Thrilling Mystery and Spicy Mystery offered what at the time were described as "weird menace" stories—supernatural horror in the vein of Grand Guignol. This contrasted with parallel titles of the same names which contained conventional hardboiled crime fiction. The first use of "mystery" in this sense was by Dime Mystery, which started out as an ordinary crime fiction magazine but switched to "weird menace" during the latter part of 1933..comment Mystery fiction is a genre of fiction usually involving a mysterious death or a crime to be solved. In a closed circle of suspects, each suspect must have a credible motive and a reasonable opportunity for committing the crime. The central character must be a detective who eventually solves the mystery by logical deduction from facts fairly presented to the reader. Sometimes mystery books are nonfictional. "Mystery fiction" can be detective stories in which the emphasis is on the puzzle or suspense element and its logical solution such as a whodunit. Mystery fiction can be contrasted with hardboiled detective stories, which focus on action and gritty realism..
2/2	==DB== Crime fiction.Crime fiction is the literary genre that fictionalises crimes, their detection, criminals, and their motives. It is usually distinguished from mainstream fiction and other genres such as historical fiction or science fiction, but the boundaries are indistinct. Crime fiction has multiple subgenres, including detective fiction (such as the whodunit), courtroom drama, hard-boiled fiction and legal thrillers. Suspense and mystery are key elements that are nearly ubiquitous to the genre. In Italy people commonly call a story about detectives or crimes giallo (English: yellow), because books of crime fiction have usually had a yellow cover since the 1930s..comment Crime fiction is the literary genre that fictionalises crimes, their detection, criminals, and their motives. It is usually distinguished from mainstream fiction and other genres such as historical fiction or science fiction, but the boundaries are indistinct. Crime fiction has multiple subgenres, including detective fiction (such as the whodunit), courtroom drama, hard-boiled fiction and legal thrillers. Suspense and mystery are key elements that are nearly ubiquitous to the genre..
===273	network news	2
1/2	==DB== Chiltern Radio Group.products Local Radio.Chiltern Radio Network.Chiltern Radio plc (known as The Chiltern Radio Network) was the parent group of several radio stations which operated two radio brands in the UK in the 1990s..comment Chiltern Radio plc (known as The Chiltern Radio Network) was the parent group of several radio stations which operated two radio brands in the UK in the 1990s..
2/2	==DB== News broadcasting.News broadcasting is the medium of broadcasting of various news events and other information via television, radio or internet in the field of broadcast journalism. The content is usually either produced locally in a radio studio or television studio newsroom, or by a broadcast network. It may also include additional material such as sports coverage, weather forecasts, traffic reports, commentary and other material that the broadcaster feels is relevant to their audience..comment News broadcasting is the medium of broadcasting of various news events and other information via television, radio or internet in the field of broadcast journalism. The content is usually either produced locally in a radio studio or television studio newsroom, or by a broadcast network. It may also include additional material such as sports coverage, weather forecasts, traffic reports, commentary and other material that the broadcaster feels is relevant to their audience..
===274	news program	2
1/2	==DB== News program.A news program, news programme, news show, or newscast is a regularly scheduled radio or television program that reports current events. News is typically reported in a series of individual stories that are presented by one or more anchors. A news program can include live or recorded interviews by field reporters, expert opinions, opinion poll results, and occasional editorial content. A special category of news programs are entirely editorial in format. These host polemic debates between pundits of various ideological philosophies. In the early-21st-century news programs – especially those of commercial networks – tended to become less oriented on hard news, and often regularly included "feel-good stories" or humorous reports as the last items on their newscasts, as opposed to news programs transmitted thirty years earlier, such as the CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite. From their beginnings until around 1995, evening television news broadcasts continued featuring serious news stories right up to the end of the program, as opposed to later broadcasts with such anchors as Katie Couric, Brian Williams and Diane Sawyer..comment A news program, news programme, news show, or newscast is a regularly scheduled radio or television program that reports current events. News is typically reported in a series of individual stories that are presented by one or more anchors. A news program can include live or recorded interviews by field reporters, expert opinions, opinion poll results, and occasional editorial content. A special category of news programs are entirely editorial in format. These host polemic debates between pundits of various ideological philosophies..
2/2	==DB== News.News is information about current events. Journalists provide news through many different media, based on word of mouth, printing, postal systems, broadcasting, and electronic communication. Common topics for news reports include war, government, politics, education, health, the environment, business, and entertainment, as well as athletic events, quirky or unusual events. Government proclamations, concerning royal ceremonies, laws, taxes, public health, and criminals, have been dubbed news since ancient times. Humans exhibit a nearly universal desire to learn and share news, which they satisfy by talking to each other and sharing information. Technological and social developments, often driven by government communication and espionage networks, have increased the speed with which news can spread, as well as influenced its content. The genre of news as we know it today is closely associated with the newspaper, which originated in China as a court bulletin and spread, with paper and printing press, to Europe..comment News is information about current events. Journalists provide news through many different media, based on word of mouth, printing, postal systems, broadcasting, and electronic communication. Common topics for news reports include war, government, politics, education, health, the environment, business, and entertainment, as well as athletic events, quirky or unusual events. Government proclamations, concerning royal ceremonies, laws, taxes, public health, and criminals, have been dubbed news since ancient times..
===275	passenger car	3
1/3	==DB== Passenger car (Ferris wheel).
2/3	==DB== Passenger car (rail).A passenger car (known as a coach or carriage in the UK, and also known as a bogie in India) is a piece of railway rolling stock that is designed to carry passengers. The term passenger car can also be associated with a sleeping car, baggage, dining, railway post office and prisoner transport cars..comment A passenger car (known as a coach or carriage in the UK, and also known as a bogie in India) is a piece of railway rolling stock that is designed to carry passengers. The term passenger car can also be associated with a sleeping car, baggage, dining, railway post office and prisoner transport cars..
3/3	==SS== A railroad car that carries passengers.
===276	plane crash	2
1/2	==DB== Plane Crash.
2/2	==DB== Aviation accidents and incidents.An aviation accident is defined by the Convention on International Civil Aviation Annex 13 as an occurrence associated with the operation of an aircraft, which takes place between the time any person boards the aircraft with the intention of flight until all such persons have disembarked, where a person is fatally or seriously injured, the aircraft sustains damage or structural failure or the aircraft is missing or is completely inaccessible. If the aircraft is destroyed or severely damaged so that it must be written off, it is further defined as a hull loss accident. Annex 13 further defines an aviation incident as an occurrence, other than an accident, associated with the operation of an aircraft which affects or could affect the safety of operation. The first fatal aviation accident was the crash of a Rozière balloon near Wimereux, France, on June 15, 1785, killing its inventor Jean-François Pilâtre de Rozier as well as the other occupant, Pierre Romain. The first involving a powered aircraft was the crash of a Wright Model A aircraft at Fort Myer, Virginia, USA, on September 17, 1908, injuring its co-inventor and pilot, Orville Wright, and killing the passenger, Signal Corps Lieutenant Thomas Selfridge..comment An aviation accident is defined by the Convention on International Civil Aviation Annex 13 as an occurrence associated with the operation of an aircraft, which takes place between the time any person boards the aircraft with the intention of flight until all such persons have disembarked, where a person is fatally or seriously injured, the aircraft sustains damage or structural failure or the aircraft is missing or is completely inaccessible. If the aircraft is destroyed or severely damaged so that it must be written off, it is further defined as a hull loss accident. Annex 13 further defines an aviation incident as an occurrence, other than an accident, associated with the operation of an aircraft which affects or could affect the safety of operation..
===277	power struggle	3
1/3	==SS== a situation where two or more people or groups fight to gain dominance over each other.
2/3	==DB== Power Struggle.length 779.0.released 2000-10-23.lastSingle "O.D".nextSingle "I'm Not Trading".Power Struggle."Power Struggle" is a song by the British industrial music/hard rock band Sunna.comment "Power Struggle" is a song by the British industrial music/hard rock band Sunna.
3/3	==DB== Power vacuum.In political science and political history, the term power vacuum is an analogy between a physical vacuum, to the political condition "when someone has lost control of something and no one has replaced them." The situation can occur when a government has no identifiable central power or authority. The physical analogy suggests that in a power vacuum, other forces will tend to "rush in" to fill the vacuum as soon as it is created, perhaps in the form of an armed militia or insurgents, military coup, warlord or dictator. Hereditary or statutory order of succession or effective succession planning are orderly ways to resolve questions of succession to positions of power. When such methods are unavailable, such as in failed dictatorships or civil wars, a power vacuum arises, which prompts a power struggle entailing political competition, violence, or (usually) both. A power vacuum can also occur after a constitutional crisis in which large portions of the government resign or are removed, creating unclear succession..comment In political science and political history, the term power vacuum is an analogy between a physical vacuum, to the political condition "when someone has lost control of something and no one has replaced them." The situation can occur when a government has no identifiable central power or authority. The physical analogy suggests that in a power vacuum, other forces will tend to "rush in" to fill the vacuum as soon as it is created, perhaps in the form of an armed militia or insurgents, military coup, warlord or dictator..
===278	price tag	3
1/3	==DB== Price Tag.genre *.producer Dr. Luke.writer *.filename Jessie J - Price Tag.ogg.title "Price Tag".description A 22-second sample of "Price Tag" by Jessie J, where the chorus is heard..*.released 2011-01-25.artist Jessie J featuring B.o.B.recorded 2010.format *.lastSingle "Do It like a Dude".nextSingle "Nobody's Perfect".Price Tag."Price Tag" is a song by English singer-songwriter Jessie J, featuring American rapper B.o.B. It was released on 25 January 2011, in the United Kingdom as the second single from Jessie J's debut studio album, Who You Are (2011). "Price Tag" was written by Jessie J, Dr. Luke, Claude Kelly and B.o.B, and it was produced by Dr. Luke. It serves as the album's lead single in the United States. An official remix features British rapper Devlin. The song debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart. Elsewhere, the single also topped the charts in Ireland and New Zealand, becoming Jessie J's first number-one single in all these countries and her native United Kingdom. In the United States, "Price Tag" peaked at number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100. Additionally, the song charted at number one in nineteen countries, becoming Jessie J's biggest hit to date. The song was also the biggest-selling collaboration of the year in the UK. At the 2012 Brit Awards, "Price Tag" was nominated for Best British Single. Jessie J has performed the song at a number of live performances, with other singers filling in for B.o.B or his verse being completely removed. The video features an oversized teddy bear, a money tree, and Jessie J as a ballerina in a large jewellery box. The single has sold 1,240,000 copies in the UK as of October 2015. The song was covered by The Wombats on BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge on 31 May 2011. In December 2011, Jessie J recorded a Christmas-themed version of the song, with an interpolation of "Jingle Bells", featuring vocals from British singer-songwriter Jan..comment "Price Tag" is a song by English singer-songwriter Jessie J, featuring American rapper B.o.B. It was released on 25 January 2011, in the United Kingdom as the second single from Jessie J's debut studio album, Who You Are (2011). "Price Tag" was written by Jessie J, Dr. Luke, Claude Kelly and B.o.B, and it was produced by Dr. Luke. It serves as the album's lead single in the United States. An official remix features British rapper Devlin. The song debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart. Elsewhere, the single also topped the charts in Ireland and New Zealand, becoming Jessie J's first number-one single in all these countries and her native United Kingdom. In the United States, "Price Tag" peaked at number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100. Additionally, the song charted at number one in nin.
2/3	==DB== Price tag.A price tag is a sticker or paper tag (often attached with twine, plastic wire, or a safety pin) declaring the price of an item for sale..comment A price tag is a sticker or paper tag (often attached with twine, plastic wire, or a safety pin) declaring the price of an item for sale..
3/3	==SS== The tag or sticker attached to a product, displaying its price.
===279	public school	3
1/3	==DB== Public school (India).
2/3	==DB== Public school (United Kingdom).A public school in England and Wales is an older, student selective and expensive fee-paying independent secondary school which caters primarily for children aged between 11 or 13 and 18. The term 'public school' should not be misunderstood to mean they are public sector schools; they are in fact private sector. Traditionally, public schools were all-male boarding schools, although most now allow day pupils, and many have become either partially or fully co-educational. Scotland, having had a state-funded education system for roughly 300 years prior to England, uses the term in a different sense than its use in England, as a school administered by the local government to serve the children of that area. Public schools emerged from charity schools established to educate poor scholars, the term "public" being used to indicate that access to them was not restricted on the basis of religion, occupation, or home location, and that they were subject to public management or control, in contrast to private schools which were run for the personal profit of the proprietors. Soon after the Clarendon Commission reported in 1864, the Public Schools Act 1868 gave the following seven schools independence from direct jurisdiction or responsibility of the Crown, the established church, or the government: Charterhouse, Eton College, Harrow School, Rugby School, Shrewsbury School, Westminster School, and Winchester College. Henceforth each of these schools was to be managed by a board of governors. The following year, the headmaster of Uppingham School invited sixty to seventy of his fellow headmasters to form what became the Headmasters' Conference—later the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference (HMC). Separate preparatory schools (or "prep schools") developed from the 1830s, which "prepared" younger boys for entry to the senior schools; as a result the latter began limiting entry to boys who had reached 12 or 13 years of age. Public schools have had a strong association with the ruling classes. Historically they educated the sons of the English upper and upper-middle classes. In particular, the sons of officers and senior administrators of the British Empire were educated in England while their parents were on overseas postings. In 2010, over half of Cabinet Ministers had been educated at public schools; by contrast, however, most prime ministers since 1964 were educated at state schools. In 2014, annual fees at Eton College were more than £33,000 for boarders, although around 20% of pupils there receive financial support through a range of bursaries and scholarships. However, fees at day schools in Greater London, such as Hampton School and University College School, were only around half that figure, whilst day fees at boarding schools across England, from Plymouth College to Dulwich College, Stamford School, Kent College and Durham School, were also considerably lower. A comprehensive compilation of the fees currently charged at each HMC school can be found on privateschoolfees.co.uk..comment A public school in England and Wales is an older, student selective and expensive fee-paying independent secondary school which caters primarily for children aged between 11 or 13 and 18. The term 'public school' should not be misunderstood to mean they are public sector schools; they are in fact private sector. Traditionally, public schools were all-male boarding schools, although most now allow day pupils, and many have become either partially or fully co-educational. Scotland, having had a state-funded education system for roughly 300 years prior to England, uses the term in a different sense than its use in England, as a school administered by the local government to serve the children of that area..
3/3	==SS== Certain private schools, particularly any grammar school operated apart from the personal lands of its students or the fee-paying secondary schools which developed from or were modelled upon them; a British boarding school
===280	recovery vehicle	2
1/2	==DB== Tow truck.A tow truck (also called a wrecker, a breakdown truck, recovery vehicle or a breakdown lorry) is a truck used to move disabled, improperly parked, impounded, or otherwise indisposed motor vehicles. This may involve recovering a vehicle damaged in an accident, returning one to a drivable surface in a mishap or inclement weather, or towing or transporting one via flatbed to a repair shop or other location. A tow truck is distinct from a motor carrier that moves multiple new or used vehicles simultaneously in routine transport operations..comment A tow truck (also called a wrecker, a breakdown truck, recovery vehicle or a breakdown lorry) is a truck used to move disabled, improperly parked, impounded, or otherwise indisposed motor vehicles. This may involve recovering a vehicle damaged in an accident, returning one to a drivable surface in a mishap or inclement weather, or towing or transporting one via flatbed to a repair shop or other location. A tow truck is distinct from a motor carrier that moves multiple new or used vehicles simultaneously in routine transport operations..
2/2	==DB== Vehicle recovery.Vehicle recovery is the recovery of any vehicle to another place, generally speaking with a commercial vehicle known as a recovery vehicle, tow truck or spectacle lift. Recovery can take the form of general recovery, normally of broken down vehicles, or a Statutory Recovery at the request of the police using police powers, conferred in the United Kingdom by Parliament using an Act..comment Vehicle recovery is the recovery of any vehicle to another place, generally speaking with a commercial vehicle known as a recovery vehicle, tow truck or spectacle lift. Recovery can take the form of general recovery, normally of broken down vehicles, or a Statutory Recovery at the request of the police using police powers, conferred in the United Kingdom by Parliament using an Act..
===281	research department	2
1/2	==DB== Brunei Research Department (International).The Brunei Research Department is Brunei's external intelligence agency. Aside from a Wikileaks article, no information on them exists..comment The Brunei Research Department is Brunei's external intelligence agency. Aside from a Wikileaks article, no information on them exists..
2/2	==DB== Research.Research comprises "creative work undertaken on a systematic basis in order to increase the stock of knowledge, including knowledge of humans, culture and society, and the use of this stock of knowledge to devise new applications." It is used to establish or confirm facts, reaffirm the results of previous work, solve new or existing problems, support theorems, or develop new theories. A research project may also be an expansion on past work in the field. To test the validity of instruments, procedures, or experiments, research may replicate elements of prior projects, or the project as a whole. The primary purposes of basic research (as opposed to applied research) are documentation, discovery, interpretation, or the research and development (R&D) of methods and systems for the advancement of human knowledge. Approaches to research depend on epistemologies, which vary considerably both within and between humanities and sciences. There are several forms of research: scientific, humanities, artistic, economic, social, business, marketing, practitioner research, life, technological,etc..comment Research comprises "creative work undertaken on a systematic basis in order to increase the stock of knowledge, including knowledge of humans, culture and society, and the use of this stock of knowledge to devise new applications." It is used to establish or confirm facts, reaffirm the results of previous work, solve new or existing problems, support theorems, or develop new theories. A research project may also be an expansion on past work in the field. To test the validity of instruments, procedures, or experiments, research may replicate elements of prior projects, or the project as a whole. The primary purposes of basic research (as opposed to applied research) are documentation, discovery, interpretation, or the research and development (R&D) of methods and systems for the advancement.
===282	shell company	3
1/3	==SS== A company that engages in no business activities other than financial and legal ones.
2/3	==DB== Royal Dutch Shell plc.keyPeople Ben van Beurden.products Petroleum, Natural gas, and other petrochemicals.revenue 2.6496E11.operatingIncome -3.261E9.netIncome 1.939E9.assets 3.4015E11.equity 1.6287E11.numEmployees 94000.subsid Shell South Africa.subsid Shell Hong Kong.intl yes.Royal Dutch Shell.Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is an Anglo-Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom. Created by the merger of Royal Dutch Petroleum and UK-based Shell Transport & Trading, it is the seventh largest company in the world as of 2016, in terms of revenue, and one of the six oil and gas "supermajors". Shell is also one of the world's most valuable companies. As of January 2013, the largest shareholder is Capital Research Global Investors with 9.85% ahead of BlackRock in second with 6.89%. Shell topped the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies. Royal Dutch Shell revenue was equal to 84% of the Netherlands' $555.8 billion GDP at the time. As of February 2016, Shell is the world's second largest oil company. Shell was vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It has minor renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels and wind. It has operations in over 90 countries, produces around 3.1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide. Shell Oil Company, its subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses. Shell has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of £129.8 billion at the close of trading on 13 April 2015, the largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange. It has secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange..comment Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is an Anglo-Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom. Created by the merger of Royal Dutch Petroleum and UK-based Shell Transport & Trading, it is the seventh largest company in the world as of 2016, in terms of revenue, and one of the six oil and gas "supermajors"..
3/3	==DB== Shell corporation.A shell corporation is a company which serves as a vehicle for business transactions without itself having any significant assets or operations..comment A shell corporation is a company which serves as a vehicle for business transactions without itself having any significant assets or operations..
===283	state constitution	2
1/2	==DB== State constitution (United States).In the United States, each state has its own constitution. Usually, they are longer than the 8,500-word federal Constitution and are more detailed regarding the day-to-day relationships between government and the people. The shortest is the Constitution of Vermont, adopted in 1793 and currently 8,295 words long. The longest is Alabama's sixth and current constitution, ratified in 1901, about 345,000 words long. Both the federal and state constitutions are organic texts: they are the fundamental blueprints for the legal and political organizations of the United States and the states, respectively. The Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, part of the Bill of Rights, provides that "The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." The Guarantee Clause of Article 4 of the Constitution states that "The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government." These two provisions indicate states did not surrender their wide latitude to adopt a constitution, the fundamental documents of state law, when the U.S. Constitution was adopted. Typically state constitutions address a wide array of issues deemed by the states to be of sufficient importance to be included in the constitution rather than in an ordinary statute. Often modeled after the federal Constitution, they outline the structure of the state government and typically establish a bill of rights, an executive branch headed by a governor (and often one or more other officials, such as a lieutenant governor and state attorney general), a state legislature, and state courts, including a state supreme court (a few states have two high courts, one for civil cases, the other for criminal cases). Additionally, many other provisions may be included. Many state constitutions, unlike the federal constitution, also begin with an invocation of God. Some states allow amendments to the Constitution by initiative. Many states have had several constitutions over the course of their history. The organized territories of the United States also have constitutions or organic acts of their own, if they have an organized government through an Organic Act passed by the federal Congress. These constitutions are subject to congressional approval and oversight, which is not the case with state constitutions. If territories wish to enter the Union (that is, to attain statehood), they seek an enabling act from Congress and must draft an acceptable state constitution as a prerequisite to statehood..comment In the United States, each state has its own constitution. Usually, they are longer than the 8,500-word federal Constitution and are more detailed regarding the day-to-day relationships between government and the people. The shortest is the Constitution of Vermont, adopted in 1793 and currently 8,295 words long. The longest is Alabama's sixth and current constitution, ratified in 1901, about 345,000 words long. Both the federal and state constitutions are organic texts: they are the fundamental blueprints for the legal and political organizations of the United States and the states, respectively..
2/2	==DB== State constitution (Australia).(This article is about constitutions of the constituent political units of Australia called states. For the constitution of a nation-state or sovereign state, see constitution.) In Australia, each state has its own constitution. Each state constitution preceded the Constitution of Australia as constitutions of the then separate British Colonies, but all the states ceded powers to the Parliament of Australia as part of federation in 1901..comment (This article is about constitutions of the constituent political units of Australia called states. For the constitution of a nation-state or sovereign state, see constitution.) In Australia, each state has its own constitution. Each state constitution preceded the Constitution of Australia as constitutions of the then separate British Colonies, but all the states ceded powers to the Parliament of Australia as part of federation in 1901..
===284	summit meeting	2
1/2	==DB== Summit Meeting.VSD 79390.length 2417.0.artist Elvin Jones, James Moody, Clark Terry, Bunky Green and Roland Prince.lastAlbum The Main Force.nextAlbum Time Capsule.recorded New York City.recorded 1976-11-18.Summit Meeting.Summit Meeting is a jazz album by drummer Elvin Jones, saxophonists James Moody and Bunky Green, trumpeter Clark Terry and guitarist Roland Prince recorded in 1976 and released on the Vanguard label..comment Summit Meeting is a jazz album by drummer Elvin Jones, saxophonists James Moody and Bunky Green, trumpeter Clark Terry and guitarist Roland Prince recorded in 1976 and released on the Vanguard label..
2/2	==DB== Summit (meeting).A summit meeting (or just summit) is a meeting of heads of state or government, usually with considerable media exposure, tight security, and a prearranged agenda. Notable summit meetings include those of Franklin D. Roosevelt, Winston Churchill, and Joseph Stalin during World War II. However, the term summit was not commonly used for such meetings until the Geneva Summit (1955). During the Cold War, when American presidents joined with Soviet or Chinese counterparts for one-on-one meetings, the media labelled the event as a "summit". The post–Cold War era has produced an increase in the number of "summit" events. Nowadays, international summits are the most common expression for global governance..comment A summit meeting (or just summit) is a meeting of heads of state or government, usually with considerable media exposure, tight security, and a prearranged agenda. Notable summit meetings include those of Franklin D. Roosevelt, Winston Churchill, and Joseph Stalin during World War II. However, the term summit was not commonly used for such meetings until the Geneva Summit (1955). During the Cold War, when American presidents joined with Soviet or Chinese counterparts for one-on-one meetings, the media labelled the event as a "summit". The post–Cold War era has produced an increase in the number of "summit" events. Nowadays, international summits are the most common expression for global governance..
===285	television production	2
1/2	==DB== Television program.A television program (British English: programme) is a segment of content intended for broadcast on over-the-air, cable television, or Internet television, other than a commercial, trailer, or any other segment of content not serving as attraction for viewership. It may be a single production, or more commonly, a series of related productions (also called a television series or a television show). A limited number of episodes of a television show may be called a miniseries or a serial or limited series. Series without a fixed length are usually divided into seasons (U.S.) or series (UK), yearly or semiannual sets of new episodes. While there is no defined length, U.S. industry practice has traditionally favored longer television seasons than those of other countries. A one-time broadcast may be called a "special", or particularly in the UK a "special episode". A television film ("made-for-TV movie" or "television movie") is a film that is initially broadcast on television rather than released in theaters or direct-to-video. A program can be either recorded, as on video tape, other various electronic media forms, played with an on-demand player or viewed on live television..comment A television program (British English: programme) is a segment of content intended for broadcast on over-the-air, cable television, or Internet television, other than a commercial, trailer, or any other segment of content not serving as attraction for viewership. It may be a single production, or more commonly, a series of related productions (also called a television series or a television show). A program can be either recorded, as on video tape, other various electronic media forms, played with an on-demand player or viewed on live television..
2/2	==DB== Television studio.A television studio is an installation in which video productions take place, either for the recording of live television to video tape, or for the acquisition of raw footage for post-production. The design of a studio is similar to, and derived from, movie studios, with a few amendments for the special requirements of television production. A professional television studio generally has several rooms, which are kept separate for noise and practicality reasons. These rooms are connected via intercom, and personnel will be divided among these workplaces..comment A television studio is an installation in which video productions take place, either for the recording of live television to video tape, or for the acquisition of raw footage for post-production. The design of a studio is similar to, and derived from, movie studios, with a few amendments for the special requirements of television production. A professional television studio generally has several rooms, which are kept separate for noise and practicality reasons. These rooms are connected via intercom, and personnel will be divided among these workplaces..
===286	track record	5
1/5	==DB== Track Record.lastAlbum Sherbet.nextAlbum The Sherbet Phenomenon.Track Record (album).Track Record is a compilation album by Sherbet released in 1979..comment Track Record is a compilation album by Sherbet released in 1979..
2/5	==DB== It's a New Track Record! (album).
3/5	==SS== 
4/5	==DB== Track Records.founded 1966.Track Records.Track Records is an English record label founded in London in 1966 by Kit Lambert and Chris Stamp, then managers of the hard rock band The Who. The most successful artists whose work appeared on the Track label were The Jimi Hendrix Experience, The Who, The Crazy World of Arthur Brown, Thunderclap Newman and Golden Earring. In its early years Track was one of the hippest and most successful record companies in the UK. The label ceased operations in 1978 but was revived in 1999..comment Track Records is an English record label founded in London in 1966 by Kit Lambert and Chris Stamp, then managers of the hard rock band The Who. The most successful artists whose work appeared on the Track label were The Jimi Hendrix Experience, The Who, The Crazy World of Arthur Brown, Thunderclap Newman and Golden Earring. In its early years Track was one of the hippest and most successful record companies in the UK. The label ceased operations in 1978 but was revived in 1999..
5/5	==DB== The Track Record.The Track Record was a pop punk band from Annapolis, Maryland that was formerly signed to Rushmore Records. Michael Strackbein plays bass and sings, Rob Elson plays guitars and does most of the writing, Hasani Martin plays drums, and Rob Viti plays guitar. Rob Elson and Hasani attended the University of Maryland, College Park until they decided to pursue the band full-time. Both Robs play on Fender Stratocaster guitars while Michael plays a Gretsch bass. They are influenced by New Found Glory, Blink 182, The Starting Line and U2. The band formed in 2003 and soon after recorded what they call "the 2003 EP". The EP had six songs, including "Letters to Summer". "Letters to Summer" was also on their second EP recorded in 2004. This EP was re-released in 2005 after they were signed by Rushmore Records. They were the first band asked to be signed by Rushmore, but due to legal complications they were the fourth band signed after Self Against City, Day at the Fair, and Houston Calls. Their first national tour was in the summer of 2005 with Rookie of the Year. They also played select dates of the 2005 Vans Warped Tour. In September 2006, The Track Record left Rushmore records and entered the studio to record their debut full length titled "The Coolest Kind of Crazy" which would be released by the band, independent of any record label. The title is also the last line of the record. Soon after completion of the album, they left for their second national tour with Southcott and Upper Class Trash. The album was available on their website for pre-sale on Thanksgiving weekend 2006 while the band was in Yorba Linda, California. The band has also played with other bands such as Hidden in Plain View and Hellogoodbye. The Track Record announced on their MySpace page on May 2, 2007 that they "decided to stop playing music as The Track Record….we are breaking up or going on "indefinite hiatus," if you will." Their final performance as a band was performed at Recher Theatre on August 19, 2007, with The Dangerous Summer, Gatsby Gets The Green Light, The Spotlight, and You Me and Everyone We Know. Guitarist Rob Viti died in February 2011 at the age of 26..comment The Track Record was a pop punk band from Annapolis, Maryland that was formerly signed to Rushmore Records. Michael Strackbein plays bass and sings, Rob Elson plays guitars and does most of the writing, Hasani Martin plays drums, and Rob Viti plays guitar. Rob Elson and Hasani attended the University of Maryland, College Park until they decided to pursue the band full-time. Both Robs play on Fender Stratocaster guitars while Michael plays a Gretsch bass. They are influenced by New Found Glory, Blink 182, The Starting Line and U2. Guitarist Rob Viti died in February 2011 at the age of 26..
===287	account holder	6
1/6	==DB== Sweep account.A sweep account is an account set up at a bank or other financial institution where the funds are automatically managed between a primary cash account and secondary investment accounts..comment A sweep account is an account set up at a bank or other financial institution where the funds are automatically managed between a primary cash account and secondary investment accounts..
2/6	==DB== 
3/6	==DB== Transactional account.
4/6	==DB== Personal account.A personal account is an account for use by an individual for that person's own needs. It is a relative term to differentiate them from those accounts for corporate or business use. The term "personal account" may be used generically for financial accounts at banks and for service accounts such as accounts with the phone company, or even for e-mail accounts..comment A personal account is an account for use by an individual for that person's own needs. It is a relative term to differentiate them from those accounts for corporate or business use. The term "personal account" may be used generically for financial accounts at banks and for service accounts such as accounts with the phone company, or even for e-mail accounts..
5/6	==DB== Deposit account.A deposit account is a savings account, current account or any other type of bank account that allows money to be deposited and withdrawn by the account holder. These transactions are recorded on the bank's books, and the resulting balance is recorded as a liability for the bank and represents the amount owed by the bank to the customer. Some banks may charge a fee for this service, while others may pay the customer interest on the funds deposited..comment A deposit account is a savings account, current account or any other type of bank account that allows money to be deposited and withdrawn by the account holder. These transactions are recorded on the bank's books, and the resulting balance is recorded as a liability for the bank and represents the amount owed by the bank to the customer. Some banks may charge a fee for this service, while others may pay the customer interest on the funds deposited..
6/6	==DB== Account (accountancy).An account (in book-keeping) refers to assets, liabilities, income, expenses, and equity, as represented by individual ledger pages, to which changes in value are chronologically recorded with debit and credit entries. These entries, referred to as postings, become part of a book of final entry or ledger. Examples of common financial accounts are sales, accounts receivable, mortgages, loans, PP&E, common stock, sales, services, wages, and payroll. A chart of accounts provides a listing of all financial accounts used by particular business, organization, or government agency. The system of recording, verifying, and reporting such information is called accounting. Practitioners of accounting are called accountants..comment An account (in book-keeping) refers to assets, liabilities, income, expenses, and equity, as represented by individual ledger pages, to which changes in value are chronologically recorded with debit and credit entries. These entries, referred to as postings, become part of a book of final entry or ledger. Examples of common financial accounts are sales, accounts receivable, mortgages, loans, PP&E, common stock, sales, services, wages, and payroll. A chart of accounts provides a listing of all financial accounts used by particular business, organization, or government agency..
===288	commodity exchange	3
1/3	==DB== New York Mercantile Exchange.type Subsidiary of the CME Group.foundation 1882.New York Mercantile Exchange.The New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) is a commodity futures exchange owned and operated by CME Group of Chicago. NYMEX is located at One North End Avenue in Brookfield Place in the Battery Park City section of Manhattan, New York City. Additional offices are located in Boston, Washington, Atlanta, San Francisco, Dubai, London, and Tokyo. The company's two principal divisions are the New York Mercantile Exchange and Commodity Exchange, Inc (COMEX), once separately owned exchanges. NYMEX Holdings, Inc., the former parent company of the New York Mercantile Exchange and COMEX, became listed on the New York Stock Exchange on November 17, 2006, under the ticker symbol NMX. On March 17, 2008, Chicago based CME Group signed a definitive agreement to acquire NYMEX Holdings, Inc. for $11.2 billion in cash and stock and the takeover was completed in August 2008. Both NYMEX and COMEX now operate as designated contract markets (DCM) of the CME Group. The other two designated contract markets in the CME Group are the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and the Chicago Board of Trade. The New York Mercantile Exchange handles billions of dollars' worth of energy carriers, metals, and other commodities being bought and sold on the trading floor and the overnight electronic trading computer systems for future delivery. The prices quoted for transactions on the exchange are the basis for prices that people pay for various commodities throughout the world. The floor of the NYMEX is regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, an independent agency of the United States government. Each individual company that trades on the exchange must send its own independent brokers. Therefore, a few employees on the floor of the exchange represent a big corporation and the exchange employees only record the transactions and have nothing to do with the actual trade. Although mostly electronic since 2006, the NYMEX maintains a small venue that still practices the open outcry trading system, in which traders employ shouting and complex hand gestures on the physical trading floor. A project to preserve the hand signals used at NYMEX has been published..comment The New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) is a commodity futures exchange owned and operated by CME Group of Chicago. NYMEX is located at One North End Avenue in Brookfield Place in the Battery Park City section of Manhattan, New York City. Additional offices are located in Boston, Washington, Atlanta, San Francisco, Dubai, London, and Tokyo..
2/3	==DB== Commodity Exchange.
3/3	==SS== An organization operating under a set of bylaws aimed at promoting trade in one or more commodities by providing services and rules for the conduct of trade.
===289	control system	2
1/2	==DB== Control system.A control system is a device, or set of devices, that manages, commands, directs or regulates the behaviour of other devices or systems. They can range from a home heating controller using a thermostat controlling a boiler to large Industrial control systems which are used for controlling processes or machines..comment A control system is a device, or set of devices, that manages, commands, directs or regulates the behaviour of other devices or systems. They can range from a home heating controller using a thermostat controlling a boiler to large Industrial control systems which are used for controlling processes or machines..
2/2	==DB== Control System.producer Anthony "Top Dawg" Tiffith , Punch.producer Dave Free , Sounwave, Tae Beast, King Blue, Willie B, Nez & Rio, Skhye Hutch, Curtiss King, Aahyasis, Tommy Black.length 4304.0.released 2012-05-11.lastAlbum Longterm Mentality.nextAlbum These Days….recorded TDE Recording Studio: House of Pain.recorded 2011.Control System.Control System is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist Ab-Soul, released on May 11, 2012, via Top Dawg Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from Jhené Aiko, Danny Brown, Schoolboy Q, Jay Rock, BJ the Chicago Kid, Kendrick Lamar, JaVonte, Punch, Ashtrobot and vocals from the late Alori Joh. The album's production was handled by Digi+Phonics, King Blue, Nez & Rio, Skhye Hutch, Curtiss King, Aahyasis and Tommy Black..comment Control System is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist Ab-Soul, released on May 11, 2012, via Top Dawg Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from Jhené Aiko, Danny Brown, Schoolboy Q, Jay Rock, BJ the Chicago Kid, Kendrick Lamar, JaVonte, Punch, Ashtrobot and vocals from the late Alori Joh. The album's production was handled by Digi+Phonics, King Blue, Nez & Rio, Skhye Hutch, Curtiss King, Aahyasis and Tommy Black..
===290	data storage	2
1/2	==DB== Data storage device.A data storage device is a device for recording (storing) information (data). Recording can be done using virtually any form of energy, spanning from manual muscle power in handwriting, to acoustic vibrations in phonographic recording, to electromagnetic energy modulating magnetic tape and optical discs. A storage device may hold information, process information, or both. A device that only holds information is a recording medium. Devices that process information (data storage equipment) may either access a separate portable (removable) recording medium or a permanent component to store and retrieve data. Electronic data storage requires electrical power to store and retrieve that data. Most storage devices that do not require vision and a brain to read data fall into this category. Electromagnetic data may be stored in either an analog data or digital data format on a variety of media. This type of data is considered to be electronically encoded data, whether it is electronically stored in a semiconductor device, for it is certain that a semiconductor device was used to record it on its medium. Most electronically processed data storage media (including some forms of computer data storage) are considered permanent (non-volatile) storage, that is, the data will remain stored when power is removed from the device. In contrast, most electronically stored information within most types of semiconductor (computer chips) microcircuits are volatile memory, for it vanishes if power is removed. Except for barcodes, optical character recognition (OCR), and magnetic ink character recognition (MICR) data, electronic data storage is easier to revise and may be more cost effective than alternative methods due to smaller physical space requirements and the ease of replacing (rewriting) data on the same medium. However, the durability of methods such as printed data is still superior to that of most electronic storage media. The durability limitations may be overcome with the ease of duplicating (backing-up) electronic data..comment A data storage device is a device for recording (storing) information (data). Recording can be done using virtually any form of energy, spanning from manual muscle power in handwriting, to acoustic vibrations in phonographic recording, to electromagnetic energy modulating magnetic tape and optical discs..
2/2	==DB== Computer data storage.Computer data storage, often called storage or memory, is a technology consisting of computer components and recording media used to retain digital data. It is a core function and fundamental component of computers. The central processing unit (CPU) of a computer is what manipulates data by performing computations. In practice, almost all computers use a storage hierarchy, which puts fast but expensive and small storage options close to the CPU and slower but larger and cheaper options farther away. Generally the fast volatile technologies (which lose data when off power) are referred to as "memory", while slower persistent technologies are referred to as "storage"; however, "memory" is sometimes also used when referring to persistent storage. In the Von Neumann architecture, the CPU consists of two main parts: The control unit and the arithmetic / logic unit (ALU). The former controls the flow of data between the CPU and memory, while the latter performs arithmetic and logical operations on data..comment Computer data storage, often called storage or memory, is a technology consisting of computer components and recording media used to retain digital data. It is a core function and fundamental component of computers. In the Von Neumann architecture, the CPU consists of two main parts: The control unit and the arithmetic / logic unit (ALU). The former controls the flow of data between the CPU and memory, while the latter performs arithmetic and logical operations on data..
===291	disease management	2
1/2	==DB== Disease management (health).Disease management is defined as "a system of coordinated healthcare interventions and communications for populations with conditions in which patient self-care efforts are significant." For people who can access health care practitioners or peer support it is the process whereby persons with long-term conditions (and often family/friend/carer) share knowledge, responsibility and care plans with healthcare practitioners and/or peers. To be effective it requires whole system implementation with community social support networks, a range of satisfying occupations and activities relevant to the context, clinical professionals willing to act as partners or coaches and on-line resources which are verified and relevant to the country and context. Knowledge sharing, knowledge building and a learning community are integral to the concept of disease management. It is a population health strategy as well as an approach to personal health. It may reduce healthcare costs and/or improve quality of life for individuals by preventing or minimizing the effects of disease, usually a chronic condition, through knowledge, skills, enabling a sense of control over life (despite symptoms of disease) and integrative care..comment Disease management is defined as "a system of coordinated healthcare interventions and communications for populations with conditions in which patient self-care efforts are significant." For people who can access health care practitioners or peer support it is the process whereby persons with long-term conditions (and often family/friend/carer) share knowledge, responsibility and care plans with healthcare practitioners and/or peers. To be effective it requires whole system implementation with community social support networks, a range of satisfying occupations and activities relevant to the context, clinical professionals willing to act as partners or coaches and on-line resources which are verified and relevant to the country and context. Knowledge sharing, knowledge building and a learn.
2/2	==DB== Disease management (agriculture).In agriculture, disease management is the practice of minimising disease in crops to increase quantity or quality of harvest yield. Organisms that cause infectious disease in crops include fungi, oomycetes, bacteria, viruses, viroids, virus-like organisms, phytoplasmas, protozoa, nematodes and parasitic plants. Crops can also suffer from ectoparasites including insects, mites, snails, slugs, and vertebrate animals, but these are not considered diseases..comment In agriculture, disease management is the practice of minimising disease in crops to increase quantity or quality of harvest yield. Organisms that cause infectious disease in crops include fungi, oomycetes, bacteria, viruses, viroids, virus-like organisms, phytoplasmas, protozoa, nematodes and parasitic plants. Crops can also suffer from ectoparasites including insects, mites, snails, slugs, and vertebrate animals, but these are not considered diseases..
===292	electronics industry	2
1/2	==DB== Electronics.Electronics is the science of controlling electrical energy electrically, in which the electrons have a fundamental role. Electronics deals with electrical circuits that involve active electrical components such as vacuum tubes, transistors, diodes, integrated circuits, associated passive electrical components, and interconnection technologies. Commonly, electronic devices contain circuitry consisting primarily or exclusively of active semiconductors supplemented with passive elements; such a circuit is described as an electronic circuit. The science of Electronics is also considered to be a branch of Physics and Electrical Engineering. The nonlinear behaviour of active components and their ability to control electron flows makes amplification of weak signals possible, and electronics is widely used in information processing, telecommunication, and signal processing. The ability of electronic devices to act as switches makes digital information processing possible. Interconnection technologies such as circuit boards, electronics packaging technology, and other varied forms of communication infrastructure complete circuit functionality and transform the mixed components into a regular working system. Electronics is distinct from electrical and electro-mechanical science and technology, which deal with the generation, distribution, switching, storage, and conversion of electrical energy to and from other energy forms using wires, motors, generators, batteries, switches, relays, transformers, resistors, and other passive components. This distinction started around 1906 with the invention by Lee De Forest of the triode, which made electrical amplification of weak radio signals and audio signals possible with a non-mechanical device. Until 1950 this field was called "radio technology" because its principal application was the design and theory of radio transmitters, receivers, and vacuum tubes. Today, most electronic devices use semiconductor components to perform electron control. The study of semiconductor devices and related technology is considered a branch of solid-state physics, whereas the design and construction of electronic circuits to solve practical problems come under electronics engineering. This article focuses on engineering aspects of electronics..comment Electronics is the science of controlling electrical energy electrically, in which the electrons have a fundamental role. Electronics deals with electrical circuits that involve active electrical components such as vacuum tubes, transistors, diodes, integrated circuits, associated passive electrical components, and interconnection technologies. Commonly, electronic devices contain circuitry consisting primarily or exclusively of active semiconductors supplemented with passive elements; such a circuit is described as an electronic circuit..
2/2	==DB== Electronics industry.The electronics industry, especially meaning consumer electronics, emerged in the 20th century and has now become a global industry worth billions of dollars. Contemporary society uses all manner of electronic devices built in automated or semi-automated factories operated by the industry. Products are assembled from integrated circuits, principally by photolithography of printed circuit boards. The size of the industry and the use of toxic materials, as well as the difficulty of recycling has led to a series of problems with electronic waste. International regulation and environmental legislation has been developed in an attempt to address the issues..comment The electronics industry, especially meaning consumer electronics, emerged in the 20th century and has now become a global industry worth billions of dollars. Contemporary society uses all manner of electronic devices built in automated or semi-automated factories operated by the industry. Products are assembled from integrated circuits, principally by photolithography of printed circuit boards..
===293	fair play	18
1/18	==DB== officialName Fair Play, Wisconsin.areaCode 608.utcOffset -6.utcOffsetDst -5.elevationFt 899.Fair Play, Wisconsin.Fair Play is an unincorporated community located in the town of Jamestown in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States..comment Fair Play is an unincorporated community located in the town of Jamestown in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States..
2/18	==DB== Fair Play.titleOrig Rent spel.Fair Play (novel).Fair Play (in the original Swedish Rent spel) is a novel by Finnish author Tove Jansson, first published in 1989..comment Fair Play (in the original Swedish Rent spel) is a novel by Finnish author Tove Jansson, first published in 1989..
3/18	==DB== UEFA Fair Play ranking.
4/18	==SS== 
5/18	==DB== Fair Play.writer Andrea Sedláčková.runtime 6000.0.Fair Play (film).Fair Play is a 2014 Czech drama film directed by Andrea Sedláčková. It was selected as the Czech entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but was not nominated..comment Fair Play is a 2014 Czech drama film directed by Andrea Sedláčková. It was selected as the Czech entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but was not nominated..
6/18	==DB== Fair Play for Cuba Committee.The Fair Play for Cuba Committee (FPCC) was an activist group set up in New York City in April 1960. The FPCC's purpose was to provide grassroots support for the Cuban Revolution against attacks by the United States government, once Fidel Castro began openly admitting his commitment to Marxism and began the expropriation and nationalization of Cuban assets belonging to U.S. corporations. The FPCC opposed the Bay of Pigs invasion of 1961, the imposition of the United States embargo against Cuba, and was sympathetic to the Cuban view during the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962. Subsidiary Fair Play for Cuba groups were set up throughout the United States and Canada. Among its twenty-nine early notable supporters were William Appleman Williams, Norman Mailer, Truman Capote, James Baldwin, Jean-Paul Sartre, Allen Ginsberg, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Waldo Frank. Alan Sagner and Carleton Beals. The Fair Play for Cuba Committee has been the subject of much speculation. It was accused by some of being a Soviet front, with little real support outside of a few dedicated American communists. However, it seems to have been connected to the Trotskyist Socialist Workers' Party. The FPCC achieved notoriety through the activities of Lee Harvey Oswald in New Orleans. Oswald would later be accused of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. Vincent T. Lee shut down the national Fair Play for Cuba Committee in December 1963 when its landlord evicted the group from its national office; the notoriety accorded to it, following the Kennedy assassination, made it impossible for the committee to continue its work. The group continued to exist in Canada and still published several pamphlets until late 1964. FPCC was organized by Robert Bruce Taber in 1960..comment The Fair Play for Cuba Committee (FPCC) was an activist group set up in New York City in April 1960. The FPCC's purpose was to provide grassroots support for the Cuban Revolution against attacks by the United States government, once Fidel Castro began openly admitting his commitment to Marxism and began the expropriation and nationalization of Cuban assets belonging to U.S. corporations. The FPCC opposed the Bay of Pigs invasion of 1961, the imposition of the United States embargo against Cuba, and was sympathetic to the Cuban view during the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962..
7/18	==DB== horsename Fair Play.foaled 1905-04-01.honours Life-size statue at Elmendorf Farm.Fair Play (horse).Fair Play (April 1, 1905 – December 17, 1929) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse that was successful on the track, but even more so as a sire. His grandsire was Spendthrift, whose grandsire was the English Triple Crown champion West Australian. While successful on the track until an injury cut short his racing career, Fair Play gained his most fame as a sire. Among his better progeny were:  *  Display - 1926 Preakness Stakes winner and sire of Discovery   *  Man o' War - chosen #1 in the Blood-Horse magazine List of the Top 100 U.S. Racehorses of the 20th Century  *  Mad Play - 1924 Belmont Stakes winner  *  Ladkin - 1924 International Stakes No.2 winner  *  Mad Hatter - 1921 U.S. Champion Older Male Horse   *  Chance Play - 1927 United States Horse of the Year  *  Chance Shot - 1927 Belmont Stakes winner; sire of Belmont Stakes winner Peace Chance  * Fairmount - U.S. Hall of Fame steeplechase champion Following the death of owner August Belmont, Jr., in 1924, Fair Play was sold to Joseph E. Widener, proprietor of Elmendorf Farm in Lexington, Kentucky, where he remained until his death on December 17, 1929. Widener, a dedicated horseman, buried Fair Play in the Elmendorf Farm cemetery and erected a nearly life-size bronze statue at the head of his grave. Fairplay is in the ancestral lineage of Man o' War, Secretariat, and American Pharoah..comment Fair Play (April 1, 1905 – December 17, 1929) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse that was successful on the track, but even more so as a sire. His grandsire was Spendthrift, whose grandsire was the English Triple Crown champion West Australian. While successful on the track until an injury cut short his racing career, Fair Play gained his most fame as a sire. Among his better progeny were:.
8/18	==DB== Fair and unfair play.Law 42 of the laws of the sport of cricket covers fair and unfair play. This law has developed and expanded over time as various incidents of real life unfair play have been legislated against. The first section of law 42 makes clear that the captains of the two teams have the responsibility for ensuring that play is conducted according to the spirit and traditions of the game, as well as within its Laws. This leads to a statement that the umpires are the sole judges of fair and unfair play. It contains an override of the laws of cricket: if either umpire considers an action that is not covered by the laws to be unfair, he can intervene and call the ball dead..comment Law 42 of the laws of the sport of cricket covers fair and unfair play. This law has developed and expanded over time as various incidents of real life unfair play have been legislated against. The first section of law 42 makes clear that the captains of the two teams have the responsibility for ensuring that play is conducted according to the spirit and traditions of the game, as well as within its Laws. This leads to a statement that the umpires are the sole judges of fair and unfair play. It contains an override of the laws of cricket: if either umpire considers an action that is not covered by the laws to be unfair, he can intervene and call the ball dead..
9/18	==DB== Fair Play.elevationM 710.elevationFt 2329.Fair Play, California.Fair Play (formerly, Fairplay) is an unincorporated community in El Dorado County, California. It is located 4.5 miles (7.2 km) northeast of Aukum, at an elevation of 2329 feet (710 m). A post office was operated at Fair Play from 1860 to 1944..comment Fair Play (formerly, Fairplay) is an unincorporated community in El Dorado County, California. It is located 4.5 miles (7.2 km) northeast of Aukum, at an elevation of 2329 feet (710 m). A post office was operated at Fair Play from 1860 to 1944..
10/18	==DB== populationDensityKm 447.3.populationDensitySqMi 1158.5.officialName Fair Play, Missouri.areaTotalKm 1.06.elevationM 299.populationTotal 475.postalCode 65649.areaCode 417.utcOffset -6.utcOffsetDst -5.areaLandKm 1.06.areaWaterKm 0.areaTotalSqMi 0.41.areaLandSqMi 0.41.areaWaterSqMi 0.elevationFt 981.Fair Play, Missouri.Fair Play is a city in Polk County, Missouri, United States. The population was 475 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area..comment Fair Play is a city in Polk County, Missouri, United States. The population was 475 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area..
11/18	==DB== Fair Play, South Carolina.populationDensityKm 39.4.areaTotalKm 17.51.populationTotal 687.postalCode 29643.utcOffset -5.utcOffsetDst -4.areaLandKm 17.45.areaWaterKm 0.06.elevationFt 815.Fair Play, South Carolina.Fair Play is a census-designated place located in Oconee County in the U.S. state of South Carolina. A small portion of the CDP extends into Anderson County. As of the 2010 census, the population of Fair Play was 687..comment Fair Play is a census-designated place located in Oconee County in the U.S. state of South Carolina. A small portion of the CDP extends into Anderson County. As of the 2010 census, the population of Fair Play was 687..
12/18	==DB== UEFA Financial Fair Play Regulations.The UEFA Financial Fair Play Regulations (FFP) were agreed to in principle in September 2009 by the Financial Control Panel of football’s governing body in Europe (Union of European Football Associations – UEFA). They were established to prevent professional football clubs spending more than they earn in the pursuit of success and in doing so getting into financial problems which might threaten their long-term survival. The regulations provide for sanctions to be taken against clubs who exceed spending, over several seasons, within a set budgetary framework. The 2011–12 football season is set for implementation of the regulations. The severest penalty is disqualification from the European competitions.Other penalties included fines, the withholding of prize money, and player transfer bans. On announcing the new legislation, UEFA President Michel Platini said, Fifty per cent of clubs are losing money and this is an increasing trend. We needed to stop this downward spiral. They have spent more than they have earned in the past and haven't paid their debts. We don't want to kill or hurt the clubs; on the contrary, we want to help them in the market. The teams who play in our tournaments have unanimously agreed to our principles…living within your means is the basis of accounting but it hasn't been the basis of football for years now. The owners are asking for rules because they can't implement them themselves - many of them have had it with shovelling money into clubs and the more money you put into clubs, the harder it is to sell at a profit. Platini went on to say that the measures were supported by the majority of football club owners, and that an independent panel would be set up to judge whether clubs had broken the rules. Although the intentions of encouraging greater financial caution in football have been well-received, FFP has been criticised as illegal by limiting the internal market, failing to reduce football club debt and protecting the status quo. In 2015, UEFA announced FFP would be "eased" in response to a number of lawsuits which are currently ongoing in courts..comment The UEFA Financial Fair Play Regulations (FFP) were agreed to in principle in September 2009 by the Financial Control Panel of football’s governing body in Europe (Union of European Football Associations – UEFA). They were established to prevent professional football clubs spending more than they earn in the pursuit of success and in doing so getting into financial problems which might threaten their long-term survival. On announcing the new legislation, UEFA President Michel Platini said,.
13/18	==DB== Fair Play Scoreboards.numEmployees about 1700.Fair Play Scoreboards.Fair Play is a company that manufactures scoreboards, video boards, and electronic displays. Fair Play is a subsidiary of Trans-Lux electronic displays..comment Fair Play is a company that manufactures scoreboards, video boards, and electronic displays. Fair Play is a subsidiary of Trans-Lux electronic displays..
14/18	==SS== Good behavior, following the rules
15/18	==DB== Fair Play, New Jersey.elevationM 44.elevationFt 144.Fair Play, New Jersey.Fair Play is a rural unincorporated community located within Millstone Township, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. It is located just south of Disbrow Hill and north of Rocky Brook on County Route 1 (Perrineville Road) at Fairplay Road, west of Perrineville and southeast of Hightstown..comment Fair Play is a rural unincorporated community located within Millstone Township, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. It is located just south of Disbrow Hill and north of Rocky Brook on County Route 1 (Perrineville Road) at Fairplay Road, west of Perrineville and southeast of Hightstown..
16/18	==DB== Fair Play Men.The Fair Play Men were illegal settlers (squatters) who established their own system of self-rule from 1773 to 1785 in the West Branch Susquehanna River valley of Pennsylvania in what is now the United States. Because they settled in territory claimed by Native Americans, they had no recourse to the Pennsylvania colonial government. Accordingly they established what was known as the Fair Play System, with three elected commissioners who ruled on land claims and other issues for the group. In a remarkable coincidence, the Fair Play Men made their own declaration of independence from Britain on July 4, 1776 beneath the "Tiadaghton Elm" on the banks of Pine Creek..comment The Fair Play Men were illegal settlers (squatters) who established their own system of self-rule from 1773 to 1785 in the West Branch Susquehanna River valley of Pennsylvania in what is now the United States. Because they settled in territory claimed by Native Americans, they had no recourse to the Pennsylvania colonial government. Accordingly they established what was known as the Fair Play System, with three elected commissioners who ruled on land claims and other issues for the group. In a remarkable coincidence, the Fair Play Men made their own declaration of independence from Britain on July 4, 1776 beneath the "Tiadaghton Elm" on the banks of Pine Creek..
17/18	==DB== Fair Play AVA.Fair Play AVA.The Fair Play AVA is an American Viticultural Area in El Dorado County, California, United States. It is entirely contained within the boundaries of the El Dorado AVA and the Sierra Foothills AVA. The boundaries of the Fair Play AVA include rolling hills at elevations between 2,000 feet (610 m) and 3,000 feet (914 m) above sea level, making it the California appellation with the highest average elevation. The most popular wine grape variety is Zinfandel, although varieties native to southern France and Italy are gaining in popularity..comment The Fair Play AVA is an American Viticultural Area in El Dorado County, California, United States. It is entirely contained within the boundaries of the El Dorado AVA and the Sierra Foothills AVA. The boundaries of the Fair Play AVA include rolling hills at elevations between 2,000 feet (610 m) and 3,000 feet (914 m) above sea level, making it the California appellation with the highest average elevation. The most popular wine grape variety is Zinfandel, although varieties native to southern France and Italy are gaining in popularity..
18/18	==DB== FIFA Fair Play Award.The FIFA Fair Play Award is a FIFA recognition of exemplary behaviour that promotes the spirit of fair play and compassion in association football around the world. First awarded in 1987, it has been presented to individuals (including posthumously), teams, fans, spectators, football associations/federations and even entire footballing communities. One or more awards are presented annually, with there being at least one recipient each year except in 1994, when no award was presented..comment The FIFA Fair Play Award is a FIFA recognition of exemplary behaviour that promotes the spirit of fair play and compassion in association football around the world. First awarded in 1987, it has been presented to individuals (including posthumously), teams, fans, spectators, football associations/federations and even entire footballing communities. One or more awards are presented annually, with there being at least one recipient each year except in 1994, when no award was presented..
===294	government budget	2
1/2	==DB== Government budget.A government budget is a government document presenting the government's proposed revenues and spending for a financial year that is often passed by the legislature, approved by the chief executive or president and presented by the Finance Minister to the nation. The budget is also known as the Annual Financial Statement of the country. This document estimates the anticipated government revenues and government expenditures for the ensuing (current) financial year. For example, only certain types of revenue may be imposed and collected. Property tax is frequently the basis for municipal and county revenues, while sales tax and/or income tax are the basis for state revenues, and income tax and corporate tax are the basis for national revenues..comment A government budget is a government document presenting the government's proposed revenues and spending for a financial year that is often passed by the legislature, approved by the chief executive or president and presented by the Finance Minister to the nation. The budget is also known as the Annual Financial Statement of the country. This document estimates the anticipated government revenues and government expenditures for the ensuing (current) financial year. For example, only certain types of revenue may be imposed and collected. Property tax is frequently the basis for municipal and county revenues, while sales tax and/or income tax are the basis for state revenues, and income tax and corporate tax are the basis for national revenues..
2/2	==DB== Budget.A budget is a quantitative expression of a plan for a defined period of time. It may include planned sales volumes and revenues, resource quantities, costs and expenses, assets, liabilities and cash flows. It expresses strategic plans of business units, organizations, activities or events in measurable terms. A budget is the sum of money allocated for a particular purpose and the summary of intended expenditures along with proposals for how to meet them.comment A budget is a quantitative expression of a plan for a defined period of time. It may include planned sales volumes and revenues, resource quantities, costs and expenses, assets, liabilities and cash flows. It expresses strategic plans of business units, organizations, activities or events in measurable terms. A budget is the sum of money allocated for a particular purpose and the summary of intended expenditures along with proposals for how to meet them.
===295	head office	3
1/3	==DB== Head Office.runtime 5400.0.starring *.starring * Lori-Nan Engler *.released 1985-12-29.editing Robert Lederman.gross 3393807.0.Head Office.Head Office is a 1985 American comedy film, produced by HBO Pictures in association with Silver Screen Partners. It stars Judge Reinhold, Eddie Albert, Lori-Nan Engler, Jane Seymour, Richard Masur, Michael O'Donoghue, Ron Frazier, Merritt Butrick and was directed and written by Ken Finkleman..comment Head Office is a 1985 American comedy film, produced by HBO Pictures in association with Silver Screen Partners. It stars Judge Reinhold, Eddie Albert, Lori-Nan Engler, Jane Seymour, Richard Masur, Michael O'Donoghue, Ron Frazier, Merritt Butrick and was directed and written by Ken Finkleman..
2/3	==DB== Headquarters.Headquarters (HQ) denotes the location where most, if not all, of the important functions of an organization are coordinated. In the United States, the corporate headquarters represents the entity at the center or the top of a corporation taking full responsibility for managing all business activities. In the UK, the term head office is most commonly used for the HQs of large corporations. The term is also used regarding military organizations..comment Headquarters (HQ) denotes the location where most, if not all, of the important functions of an organization are coordinated. In the United States, the corporate headquarters represents the entity at the center or the top of a corporation taking full responsibility for managing all business activities. In the UK, the term head office is most commonly used for the HQs of large corporations. The term is also used regarding military organizations..
3/3	==SS== The main administrative centre for a company or organisation.
===296	love song	26
1/26	==DB== Love Song.length 233.0.released 1983-06-04.bSide "Heart on the Line (Operator, Operator)".lastSingle "American Made".nextSingle "Ozark Mountain Jubilee".Love Song (The Oak Ridge Boys song)."Love Song" is a song written by Steven Runkle, and recorded by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released in June 1983 as the second single from the album American Made. "Love Song" was The Oak Ridge Boys' eighth number one country single. The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of twelve weeks on the country chart..comment "Love Song" is a song written by Steven Runkle, and recorded by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released in June 1983 as the second single from the album American Made. "Love Song" was The Oak Ridge Boys' eighth number one country single. The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of twelve weeks on the country chart..
2/26	==DB== The Love Song (Miroslav Žbirka song).
3/26	==DB== Love Song.writer Jim Kerr, Charlie Burchill, Derek Forbes, Brian McGee  and Mick MacNeil.length 231.0.format 7.0.Love Song (Simple Minds song)."Love Song" is a 1981 single from Simple Minds, from the album Sons and Fascination. Released on Virgin Records VS434, with an instrumental version of This Earth That You Walk Upon also from Sons and Fascination on the B side..comment "Love Song" is a 1981 single from Simple Minds, from the album Sons and Fascination. Released on Virgin Records VS434, with an instrumental version of This Earth That You Walk Upon also from Sons and Fascination on the B side..
4/26	==DB== Love Song (Giorgio de Chirico).
5/26	==DB== title The Love Song.The Love Song (Rockwell).The Love Song is an oil painting by American artist Norman Rockwell, located in the Indianapolis Museum of Art, which is in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. It originally appeared in the Ladies Home Journal in December 1926. It depicts two elderly musicians, on flute and clarinet, playing a duet while a young girl takes a break from sweeping to listen. The painting's title appears on the sheet music from which the musicians play..comment The Love Song is an oil painting by American artist Norman Rockwell, located in the Indianapolis Museum of Art, which is in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. It originally appeared in the Ladies Home Journal in December 1926. It depicts two elderly musicians, on flute and clarinet, playing a duet while a young girl takes a break from sweeping to listen. The painting's title appears on the sheet music from which the musicians play..
6/26	==DB== Love Song.producer Steve Thompson and Michael Barbiero.writer Jeff Keith and Frank Hannon.length 250.0.length 323.0.certification Gold.nextSingle "Signs".Love Song (Tesla song)."Love Song" is a power ballad written by Frank Hannon and Jeff Keith both of and for the rock band Tesla, from the album The Great Radio Controversy, released in 1989. The song reached number ten on the U.S. charts, becoming the group's biggest hit at the time. It also became a gold record..comment "Love Song" is a power ballad written by Frank Hannon and Jeff Keith both of and for the rock band Tesla, from the album The Great Radio Controversy, released in 1989. The song reached number ten on the U.S. charts, becoming the group's biggest hit at the time. It also became a gold record..
7/26	==SS== A song about love; a song that expresses amorous feelings.
8/26	==DB== Love Song.writer Sara Bareilles.length 233.0.length 258.0.released 2007-06-16.released 2007-06-19.certification 4.nextSingle "Bottle It Up".Love Song (Sara Bareilles song)."Love Song" is American singer-songwriter Sara Bareilles' debut single, released in June 2007 via Epic Records from her major-label debut album, Little Voice (2007). It was nominated for 2009 Grammy Awards in the categories Song of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. It remains Bareilles' biggest hit single in the United States to date, and remained on the Billboard Hot 100 for 41 weeks. It also spent many weeks atop the Hot Adult Pop Songs and Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts, ending up #1 at the year-end tally of both charts. Many consider it her breakout song due to it being her first hit and selling more than any other song by Bareilles..comment "Love Song" is American singer-songwriter Sara Bareilles' debut single, released in June 2007 via Epic Records from her major-label debut album, Little Voice (2007). It was nominated for 2009 Grammy Awards in the categories Song of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance..
9/26	==DB== Love Songs (disambiguation).
10/26	==DB== song "Love Song".nextLink Czarna dziewczyna.Love Song (Blue Café song)."Love Song" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in English (with some lyrics in Spanish) by Blue Café. The song is an up-tempo number, heavily inspired by Latin music. Lead singer Tatiana Okupnik sings that she wants to be loved, and that "Every night/I sing this way". The bridge is delivered in Spanish, in keeping with the musical style, and features Okupnik telling her lover that she wants to be his girl and that she enjoys feeling like a girl around him. As Poland had finished the 2003 Contest in the top 10, the song was pre-qualified for the final. Here, it was performed nineteenth (following Ireland's Chris Doran with If My World Stopped Turning and preceding the United Kingdom's James Fox with "Hold On To Our Love"). At the close of voting, it had received 27 points, placing 17th in a field of 24 and requiring Poland to qualify through the semi-final at the next Contest. It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 2005 Contest by Ivan & Delfin with "Czarna dziewczyna"..comment "Love Song" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in English (with some lyrics in Spanish) by Blue Café. The song is an up-tempo number, heavily inspired by Latin music. Lead singer Tatiana Okupnik sings that she wants to be loved, and that "Every night/I sing this way". The bridge is delivered in Spanish, in keeping with the musical style, and features Okupnik telling her lover that she wants to be his girl and that she enjoys feeling like a girl around him. It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 2005 Contest by Ivan & Delfin with "Czarna dziewczyna"..
11/26	==DB== Love Song.length 1927.0.released 2006-11-08.artist M-Flo loves Bonnie Pink.Love Song (M-Flo song)."Love Song" is M-Flo's twenty-second single under Rhythm Zone. It contains 2 new songs for their next 2007 album, Cosmicolor, a remix of "Lotta Love", and instrumentals. It was released on November 8, 2006. First pressings of the single will include CD-Extra footage of a live "Summer Time Love" performance. "Love Song" is Bonnie Pink's twenty-sixth single..comment "Love Song" is M-Flo's twenty-second single under Rhythm Zone. It contains 2 new songs for their next 2007 album, Cosmicolor, a remix of "Lotta Love", and instrumentals. It was released on November 8, 2006. First pressings of the single will include CD-Extra footage of a live "Summer Time Love" performance. "Love Song" is Bonnie Pink's twenty-sixth single..
12/26	==DB== Love song.A love song is a song about being in love, falling in love, heartbreak upon the ending of a loving relationship, and the feelings that these experiences bring. A comprehensive list of even the best known performers and composers of love songs would be a large order. Love songs can be found in many musical genres..comment A love song is a song about being in love, falling in love, heartbreak upon the ending of a loving relationship, and the feelings that these experiences bring. A comprehensive list of even the best known performers and composers of love songs would be a large order. Love songs can be found in many musical genres..
13/26	==DB== genre Drama.runtime 1260.0.runtime 3240.0.showName Love Song.starring Sakura Fujiwara.numEpisodes 10.firstAired 2016-04-11.lastAired 2016-06-13.opentheme Soup by Sakura Fujiwara.Love Song (2016 TV series).Love Song (ラヴソング Ravusongu) is a 2016 Japanese television drama, starring Masaharu Fukuyama and Sakura Fujiwara. It airs on Fuji TV on Mondays at 21:00 (JST) beginning April 11, 2016..comment Love Song (ラヴソング Ravusongu) is a 2016 Japanese television drama, starring Masaharu Fukuyama and Sakura Fujiwara. It airs on Fuji TV on Mondays at 21:00 (JST) beginning April 11, 2016..
14/26	==DB== Love Song.runtime 5400.0.Love Song (2000 film).Love Song is a 2000 film produced for television by MTV and directed by Julie Dash. The film stars Monica, Christian Kane, and Essence Atkins. It was released on December 1, 2000..comment Love Song is a 2000 film produced for television by MTV and directed by Julie Dash. The film stars Monica, Christian Kane, and Essence Atkins. It was released on December 1, 2000..
15/26	==DB== Love Songs.length 4049.0.released 2010-12-22.lastAlbum Rock 'n' Roll Circus.nextAlbum Five.Love Songs (Ayumi Hamasaki album).Love Songs (stylized as Love songs) is the twelfth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Ayumi Hamasaki. The album was released on December 22, 2010 through Avex Trax, eight months after her eleventh studio album Rock 'n' Roll Circus. A stylistic return to the aesthetic of her albums before Secret, Love Songs contains pop songs with lyrics primarily revolving around love, many of them ballads. The album was promoted with three singles. These singles were a countdown to her fiftieth single. Lead single "Moon"/"Blossom" was released on July 14, 2010. Its performance was disappointing: despite it reaching number one, the single sold just over 95,000 copies and failed to be certified. "Crossroad" saw similar performance. Though it was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan, it sold just over 99,000 copies. The third single was Hamasaki's fiftieth single, aptly titled "L", the Roman numeral for fifty. A triple-A-side consisting of the songs "Last Angel", "Virgin Road", and "Sweet Season", L reached number one on the Oricon charts, becoming her thirty-eighth single to top the charts in Japan. However, it sold under 95,000 copies. The album's release was coincided with the release of Naoya Urata's debut single "Dream On", produced by Hamasaki, becoming her first production credit for another artist. The song snippets were made available for streaming on Hamasaki's official website. Love Songs was moderately successful in Japan, where it debuted atop the Oricon with first-week sales of over 180,000 copies. This tallied Hamasaki's lowest first-week sales for an album at that point. Having sold over 270,000 copies, the album has been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan. The leading radio single, "Love Song," has also been certified as a gold single by the RIAJ, for digital downloads to cellphones..comment Love Songs (stylized as Love songs) is the twelfth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Ayumi Hamasaki. The album was released on December 22, 2010 through Avex Trax, eight months after her eleventh studio album Rock 'n' Roll Circus. A stylistic return to the aesthetic of her albums before Secret, Love Songs contains pop songs with lyrics primarily revolving around love, many of them ballads..
16/26	==DB== Love Song.genre Contemporary Christian Music.genre Vocal Group.yearsActive 1970.background group_or_band.associatedActs Tommy Coomes Band.Love Song (band).Love Song was one of the main Jesus music bands, one of the first Christian rock bands. It was founded in 1970 by Chuck Girard, Tommy Coomes, Jay Truax, and Fred Field. Additionally, the earliest members included David Ingram on keyboards, Ernie Earnshaw on drums and Jack Schaeffer on bass. It was Schaeffer who came up with the group's name. Denny Correll, formerly of Blues Image and Carlos Luevano, lead guitarist for Stonehenge band, also worked with the group early on. Field was replaced by Bob Wall, who played guitar on all three albums. Drummer John Mehler, who had joined the fledgling group in its infancy, then left with Field, rejoined in time to play on Final Touch and Feel the Love. Another latter-day member was Phil Keaggy, who joined to replace departing Wall in 1973 but had already left the group before the recording of Final Touch and Feel the Love. They were a part of the Jesus Movement of the late 1960s and early 1970s, coming out of Chuck Smith's Calvary Chapel. Their classic debut album, Love Song (1972), is considered one of the greatest Christian music albums of all time. The group toured heavily in the early 1970s, becoming very popular both in the US and abroad. By 1976, the Jesus Movement was being replaced by Christian Contemporary Music (CCM) as the leading style of Christian rock, and it was becoming more business than ministry. Many of the bands that had started the movement began to break up, and after a final "Reunion Tour" in 1976 which resulted in the Feel the Love double live album, Love Song was no more. Many of the original members continued with solo careers and a few are still performing today. In 1994, the band recorded another reunion album, Welcome Back which included new versions of the songs off the first three albums. Love Song has released a box-set containing their first three albums plus a DVD of their 1973 concert in San Antonio. All original tapes on all three projects (Love Song, Final Touch, and the live Feel the Love albums) have been re-mastered at Mastering Lab. Recording engineer Bill Schnee assisted Tommy Coomes and Chuck Girard in the work. The drum solo has been re-included in the live album, which will mark the first time that there has been a full digitally re-mastered version of that album. Love Song started a reunion tour in 2010 with Calvary Chapel founding Pastor Chuck Smith touring throughout the U.S...comment Love Song was one of the main Jesus music bands, one of the first Christian rock bands. It was founded in 1970 by Chuck Girard, Tommy Coomes, Jay Truax, and Fred Field. Additionally, the earliest members included David Ingram on keyboards, Ernie Earnshaw on drums and Jack Schaeffer on bass. It was Schaeffer who came up with the group's name. Denny Correll, formerly of Blues Image and Carlos Luevano, lead guitarist for Stonehenge band, also worked with the group early on. Field was replaced by Bob Wall, who played guitar on all three albums. Drummer John Mehler, who had joined the fledgling group in its infancy, then left with Field, rejoined in time to play on Final Touch and Feel the Love. Another latter-day member was Phil Keaggy, who joined to replace departing Wall in 1973 but had alre.
17/26	==DB== Love Song.producer Jeff Coplan.length 215.0.released 1999-01-11.Love Song (Sky song)."Love Song" is a song written and recorded by Canadian band Sky for their 1998 album Piece of Paradise. It was Sky's most successful single, climbing all the way to number one on the Canadian RPM Top Singles chart. It also peaked at number 38 on Mainstream Top 40 in the United States.  "Love Song", became the first song by a Canadian group to hit #1 at Top 40 radio since the inception of BDS in Canada. The band won a #1 SOCAN Award for this accomplishment..comment "Love Song" is a song written and recorded by Canadian band Sky for their 1998 album Piece of Paradise. It was Sky's most successful single, climbing all the way to number one on the Canadian RPM Top Singles chart. It also peaked at number 38 on Mainstream Top 40 in the United States.  "Love Song", became the first song by a Canadian group to hit #1 at Top 40 radio since the inception of BDS in Canada. The band won a #1 SOCAN Award for this accomplishment..
18/26	==DB== The Love Song.length 258.0.lastSingle "Man I Used to Be".The Love Song (k-os song)."The Love Song" is the fourth single by k-os from the album Joyful Rebellion. The string arrangements were done by Laura May Elston. The song gained some popularity in New Zealand, Greece and Portugal after being featured on a Vodafone television advertisement..comment "The Love Song" is the fourth single by k-os from the album Joyful Rebellion. The string arrangements were done by Laura May Elston. The song gained some popularity in New Zealand, Greece and Portugal after being featured on a Vodafone television advertisement..
19/26	==DB== A Love Song.writer D. L. George and Kenny Loggins.format 7.bSide "You Can't Go Back".lastSingle "Send a Little Love My Way".nextSingle "You Won't See Me".A Love Song (Loggins and Messina song)."A Love Song" is a song written by Kenny Loggins and Dona Lyn George, first released by the folk-rock duo Loggins & Messina in 1973 on their album Full Sail. Country artist Anne Murray covered the song later that year for her album of the same name. Released in December 1973, Murray's version became a major crossover hit early in 1974. In her native Canada, it topped all three singles charts: the overall Top Singles chart, the Country Tracks chart and the Adult Contemporary chart. In the United States, the song peaked at No. 5 on the Billboard magazine Hot Country Singles chart and just missed the Top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at No. 12. The song fared even better there in the adult contemporary market — it became Murray's third chart-topper on Billboard's American Hot Adult Contemporary Singles chart. (In Canada, it was her seventh No. 1 on both the country and adult contemporary charts.) This was Murray's second Loggins & Messina cover, having charted with her version of their "Danny's Song" the previous year. Later cover versions include Dar Williams, Jonathan Rayson and Kenny Loggins..comment "A Love Song" is a song written by Kenny Loggins and Dona Lyn George, first released by the folk-rock duo Loggins & Messina in 1973 on their album Full Sail. Country artist Anne Murray covered the song later that year for her album of the same name. Later cover versions include Dar Williams, Jonathan Rayson and Kenny Loggins..
20/26	==DB== The Love Song.producer Kenny Beard, Scott Hendricks.writer Jeff Bates.writer Kenny Beard.length 245.0.released 2002-12-16.The Love Song (Jeff Bates song)."The Love Song" is the title of a debut song co-written and recorded by American country music Jeff Bates. It was released in December 2002 as the lead-off single from his debut album Rainbow Man, released on RCA Nashville. The song was also Bates' highest-charting single on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, reaching a peak of #8. Bates wrote this song with Kenny Beard and Casey Beathard..comment "The Love Song" is the title of a debut song co-written and recorded by American country music Jeff Bates. It was released in December 2002 as the lead-off single from his debut album Rainbow Man, released on RCA Nashville. The song was also Bates' highest-charting single on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, reaching a peak of #8. Bates wrote this song with Kenny Beard and Casey Beathard..
21/26	==DB== A Love Song.producer Kenny Rogers.length 197.0.released 1982-10-04.bSide "Fool in Me".lastSingle "Love Will Turn You Around".nextSingle "We've Got Tonight".A Love Song (Lee Greenwood song)."A Love Song" is a song written by Lee Greenwood and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Rogers. It was released in October 1982 as the second single from his album Love Will Turn You Around. The song reached number 3 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart and number 1 on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada." "A Love Song" was originally recorded by Greenwood on his 1982 album Inside Out..comment "A Love Song" is a song written by Lee Greenwood and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Rogers. It was released in October 1982 as the second single from his album Love Will Turn You Around. The song reached number 3 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart and number 1 on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada." "A Love Song" was originally recorded by Greenwood on his 1982 album Inside Out..
22/26	==DB== 
23/26	==DB== Love Song.length 4309.0.released 2005-08-31.Love Song (Riya album).Love Song is an album containing songs sung by Riya from Eufonius first released on August 31, 2005 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0019. The album contains one disc with thirteen tracks composed and produced by Jun Maeda of Key. Additional participating musicians include Kendi Sato on electric guitar for tracks two and twelve, AchillesKEN on percussion for track seven, and Weisswurst on violin for tracks seven and thirteen. Cover art for the album was provided by Yoshitoshi ABe who also provided illustrations inside the album's booklet. Love Song is a concept album which tells the narrative of love as it heads toward ruin..comment Love Song is an album containing songs sung by Riya from Eufonius first released on August 31, 2005 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0019. The album contains one disc with thirteen tracks composed and produced by Jun Maeda of Key. Additional participating musicians include Kendi Sato on electric guitar for tracks two and twelve, AchillesKEN on percussion for track seven, and Weisswurst on violin for tracks seven and thirteen. Cover art for the album was provided by Yoshitoshi ABe who also provided illustrations inside the album's booklet. Love Song is a concept album which tells the narrative of love as it heads toward ruin..
24/26	==DB== Love Song.lastAlbum Danny's Song.nextAlbum Country.Love Song (Anne Murray album).Love Song is the eighth studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1974 on Capitol Records. It peaked at number 24 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart and won a Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance..comment Love Song is the eighth studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1974 on Capitol Records. It peaked at number 24 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart and won a Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance..
25/26	==DB== Love Song.(CHIS 115).length 141.0.format 7.0.bSide "Suicide".bSide "Noise Noise Noise".lastSingle "Don't Cry Wolf".nextSingle "Smash It Up".Love Song (The Damned song)."Love Song" is a single by The Damned, released in 1979. It was the first fruit of the reformed lineup's deal with Chiswick Records, boosted by four variant picture sleeves, each one featuring a member of the band, with an additional 20,000 copies pressed on red vinyl (5,000 for each sleeve). Combined with radio airplay and a catchy song, this yielded The Damned's first hit, peaking at No. 20 in the UK Singles Chart, and leading to the band's debut on Top of the Pops. In February 1982, Chiswick reissued the single on their Big Beat imprint, using only the covers featuring Dave Vanian, Captain Sensible and Rat Scabies (Algy Ward having left the band by this stage). The single was also issued in France, Germany and the Netherlands..comment "Love Song" is a single by The Damned, released in 1979. It was the first fruit of the reformed lineup's deal with Chiswick Records, boosted by four variant picture sleeves, each one featuring a member of the band, with an additional 20,000 copies pressed on red vinyl (5,000 for each sleeve). Combined with radio airplay and a catchy song, this yielded The Damned's first hit, peaking at No. 20 in the UK Singles Chart, and leading to the band's debut on Top of the Pops. The single was also issued in France, Germany and the Netherlands..
26/26	==DB== Love Song.producer Luna Sea.writer Luna Sea.length 1160.0.released 2000-11-08.bSide "Into the Sun", "Until the Day I Die".lastSingle "Tonight".nextSingle "Promise".Love Song (Luna Sea song)."Love Song" is the fourteenth single by Japanese rock band Luna Sea, released on November 8, 2000. It reached number 4 on the Oricon singles chart. Although the song is from the Lunacy recording period, it was not included on the album. It was Luna Sea's last single until they reunited in 2010 and released the digital charity single "Promise" in 2011. The band's first physically released single since reuniting was "The One -Crash to Create-", released in 2012..comment "Love Song" is the fourteenth single by Japanese rock band Luna Sea, released on November 8, 2000. It reached number 4 on the Oricon singles chart. Although the song is from the Lunacy recording period, it was not included on the album. It was Luna Sea's last single until they reunited in 2010 and released the digital charity single "Promise" in 2011. The band's first physically released single since reuniting was "The One -Crash to Create-", released in 2012..
===297	portfolio management	3
1/3	==DB== Application Portfolio Management.
2/3	==DB== Project portfolio management.Project Portfolio Management (PPM) is the centralized management of the processes, methods, and technologies used by project managers and project management offices (PMOs) to analyze and collectively manage current or proposed projects based on numerous key characteristics. The objectives of PPM are to determine the optimal resource mix for delivery and to schedule activities to best achieve an organization’s operational and financial goals, while honouring constraints imposed by customers, strategic objectives, or external real-world factors..comment Project Portfolio Management (PPM) is the centralized management of the processes, methods, and technologies used by project managers and project management offices (PMOs) to analyze and collectively manage current or proposed projects based on numerous key characteristics. The objectives of PPM are to determine the optimal resource mix for delivery and to schedule activities to best achieve an organization’s operational and financial goals, while honouring constraints imposed by customers, strategic objectives, or external real-world factors..
3/3	==DB== IT portfolio management.IT portfolio management is the application of systematic management to the investments, projects and activities of enterprise Information Technology (IT) departments. Examples of IT portfolios would be planned initiatives, projects, and ongoing IT services (such as application support). The promise of IT portfolio management is the quantification of previously informal IT efforts, enabling measurement and objective evaluation of investment scenarios..comment IT portfolio management is the application of systematic management to the investments, projects and activities of enterprise Information Technology (IT) departments. Examples of IT portfolios would be planned initiatives, projects, and ongoing IT services (such as application support). The promise of IT portfolio management is the quantification of previously informal IT efforts, enabling measurement and objective evaluation of investment scenarios..
===298	sound system	5
1/5	==DB== Sound system (Jamaican).In the context of Jamaican popular culture, a sound system is a group of disc jockeys, engineers and MCs playing ska, rocksteady or reggae music. The sound system is an important part of Jamaican culture and history..comment In the context of Jamaican popular culture, a sound system is a group of disc jockeys, engineers and MCs playing ska, rocksteady or reggae music. The sound system is an important part of Jamaican culture and history..
2/5	==DB== Sound System Records.Sound System Records is an Australian independent record label that is probably best known for being the label of prominent Australian ska outift The Porkers. As of 23 February 2007, the label has totalled 30 releases. Sound System's current line up includes The Porkers and Los Capitanes amongst others. Sound System Records is currently headed by Pete Cooper.comment Sound System Records is an Australian independent record label that is probably best known for being the label of prominent Australian ska outift The Porkers. As of 23 February 2007, the label has totalled 30 releases. Sound System's current line up includes The Porkers and Los Capitanes amongst others. Sound System Records is currently headed by Pete Cooper.
3/5	==SS== An electronic system used to reproduce sound.
4/5	==DB== Sound system (DJ).A sound system is a group of DJs and engineers contributing and working together as one, playing and producing music..comment A sound system is a group of DJs and engineers contributing and working together as one, playing and producing music..
5/5	==DB== Sound System.released 2013-09-09.lastAlbum Live at Shea Stadium.nextAlbum The Clash Hits Back.Sound System (album).Sound System is a box set collection by The Clash released in September 2013. The box contains the band's studio albums (minus their final album; Cut the Crap) newly re-mastered by Mick Jones, with a further three discs featuring demos, non-album singles, rarities and B-sides, a DVD with previously unseen footage by both Don Letts and Julien Temple, original promo videos and live footage, plus an owner's manual booklet, reprints of the band's original 'Armagideon Times' fanzine and merchandise including dog tags, badges, stickers and a poster. The boom box packaging was designed by Paul Simonon. The set was released simultaneously with 5 Album Studio Set, which contains only the five studio albums, and a greatest hits package titled The Clash Hits Back. In a September 2013 interview, Mick Jones announced the box sets and hits package will be the final time he works on anything involving The Clash and their music. "I’m not even thinking about any more Clash releases. This is it for me, and I say that with an exclamation mark." Jones said..comment Sound System is a box set collection by The Clash released in September 2013. The box contains the band's studio albums (minus their final album; Cut the Crap) newly re-mastered by Mick Jones, with a further three discs featuring demos, non-album singles, rarities and B-sides, a DVD with previously unseen footage by both Don Letts and Julien Temple, original promo videos and live footage, plus an owner's manual booklet, reprints of the band's original 'Armagideon Times' fanzine and merchandise including dog tags, badges, stickers and a poster. The boom box packaging was designed by Paul Simonon. The set was released simultaneously with 5 Album Studio Set, which contains only the five studio albums, and a greatest hits package titled The Clash Hits Back..
===299	white knight	15
1/15	==DB== The White Knight.Mercury (73751).length 432.0.length 245.0.recorded 1975.format 7".The White Knight (Cledus Maggard song)."The White Knight" is a novelty country music song made famous by Jay Huguely, who - recording as Cledus Maggard & The Citizen's Band - enjoyed a brief run of national popularity with the song when it became popular in 1976..comment "The White Knight" is a novelty country music song made famous by Jay Huguely, who - recording as Cledus Maggard & The Citizen's Band - enjoyed a brief run of national popularity with the song when it became popular in 1976..
2/15	==SS== An individual or corporation that intends to acquire another company in order to avert a hostile takeover.
3/15	==DB== White knight (business).In business, a white knight is a friendly investor that acquires a corporation at a fair consideration with the support from the corporation's board of directors and management. This may be during a period while it is facing a hostile acquisition from another potential acquirer (black knight) or it is facing bankruptcy. White knights are preferred by the board of directors (when directors are acting in good faith with regards to the interest of the corporation and its shareholders) and/or management as in most cases as they do not replace the current board or management with a new board, whereas, in most cases, a black knight will seek to replace the current board of directors and/or management with its new board reflective of its net interest in the corporation's equity. The first type, the white knight, refers to the friendly acquirer of a target firm in a hostile takeover attempt by another firm. The intent of the acquisition is to circumvent the takeover of the object of interest by a third, unfriendly entity, which is perceived to be less favorable. The knight might defeat the undesirable entity by offering a higher and more enticing bid, or strike a favorable deal with the management of the object of acquisition. The second type refers to the acquirer of a struggling firm that may not necessarily be under threat by a hostile firm. The financial standing of the struggling firm could prevent any other entity being interested in an acquisition. The firm may already have huge debts to pay to its creditors, or worse, may already be bankrupt. In such a case, the knight, under huge risk, acquires the firm in crisis. After acquisition, the knight then rebuilds, or integrates the firm. A number of variations of the term have been used and these include: a grey knight which is an acquiring corporation or individual that enters a bid for a hostile takeover in addition to the target firm and first bidder, perceived as more favorable than the black knight (unfriendly bidder), but less favorable than the white knight (friendly bidder). Also, a white squire, which is similar to a white knight except it only exercises a significant minority stake, as opposed to a majority stake. A white squire doesn't have the intention, but rather serves as a figurehead in defense of a hostile takeover. The white squire may often also get special voting rights for their equity stake..comment In business, a white knight is a friendly investor that acquires a corporation at a fair consideration with the support from the corporation's board of directors and management. This may be during a period while it is facing a hostile acquisition from another potential acquirer (black knight) or it is facing bankruptcy. White knights are preferred by the board of directors (when directors are acting in good faith with regards to the interest of the corporation and its shareholders) and/or management as in most cases as they do not replace the current board or management with a new board, whereas, in most cases, a black knight will seek to replace the current board of directors and/or management with its new board reflective of its net interest in the corporation's equity..
4/15	==DB== numberBuilt 1.Scaled Composites White Knight Two.The Scaled Composites Model 348 White Knight Two (WK2) is a jet-powered cargo aircraft which is used to lift the SpaceShipTwo spacecraft to release altitude. It was developed by Scaled Composites from 2007 to 2010 as the first stage of Tier 1b, a two-stage to suborbital-space manned launch system. WK2 is based on the successful mothership to SpaceShipOne, White Knight, which itself is based on Proteus. With an "open architecture" design and explicit plans for multi-purpose use, the aircraft could also operate as a zero-g aircraft for passenger training or microgravity science flights, handle missions in high-altitude testing more generally, or be used to launch payloads other than SpaceShipTwo. A study of use of the aircraft as a forest fire water bomber has also been mentioned, one that would utilize a large carbon composite water tank that could be quickly replenished to make repeat runs over fires. Virgin Galactic has ordered two White Knight Two vehicles. Together, WK2 and SS2 form the basis for Virgin Galactic's fleet of suborbital spaceplanes. In November 2010, The Spaceship Company had announced that it planned to build at least three additional White Knight Two aircraft and an additional five SpaceShipTwo rocket planes, the aircraft to be built by Virgin after the initial prototypes of each craft are built by Scaled Composites.As of 2015, it is not clear how many SS2 and WK2 vehicles will actually be built. The first White Knight Two is named VMS Eve after Richard Branson's mother Eve Branson; it was officially unveiled on July 28, 2008, and flew for the first time on December 21, 2008. The second is expected to be named VMS Spirit of Steve Fossett after Branson's close friend Steve Fossett, who died in an aircraft accident in 2007..comment The Scaled Composites Model 348 White Knight Two (WK2) is a jet-powered cargo aircraft which is used to lift the SpaceShipTwo spacecraft to release altitude. It was developed by Scaled Composites from 2007 to 2010 as the first stage of Tier 1b, a two-stage to suborbital-space manned launch system. WK2 is based on the successful mothership to SpaceShipOne, White Knight, which itself is based on Proteus. Virgin Galactic has ordered two White Knight Two vehicles. Together, WK2 and SS2 form the basis for Virgin Galactic's fleet of suborbital spaceplanes..
5/15	==DB== White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.The White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan are considered the most militant as well as the most violent chapter of the Ku Klux Klan in history. They originated in Mississippi in the early 1960s under the leadership of Samuel Bowers, its first Grand Wizard. The White Knights of Mississippi were formed in 1964, and they included roughly 200 members of the Original Knights of Louisiana. The White Knights were not interested in holding public demonstrations or in letting any information about themselves get out to the masses. Similar to the United Klans of America (UKA), the White Knights of Mississippi were very secretive about their group. Within a year, their membership was up to around six thousand, and they had Klaverns in over half of the counties in Mississippi. But by 1967, the number of active members had shrunk to around four hundred..comment The White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan are considered the most militant as well as the most violent chapter of the Ku Klux Klan in history. They originated in Mississippi in the early 1960s under the leadership of Samuel Bowers, its first Grand Wizard. The White Knights of Mississippi were formed in 1964, and they included roughly 200 members of the Original Knights of Louisiana. The White Knights were not interested in holding public demonstrations or in letting any information about themselves get out to the masses. Similar to the United Klans of America (UKA), the White Knights of Mississippi were very secretive about their group. Within a year, their membership was up to around six thousand, and they had Klaverns in over half of the counties in Mississippi. But by 1967, the number of ac.
6/15	==DB== White Knight (software).
7/15	==DB== White Knight.first Through the Looking-Glass.creator Lewis Carroll.White Knight (Through the Looking-Glass).The White Knight is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's book Through the Looking-Glass.He represents the chess piece of the same name.As imagined in John Tenniel's illustrations for the Alice stories he has echoes of John Millais's Sir Isumbras at the Ford..comment The White Knight is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's book Through the Looking-Glass.He represents the chess piece of the same name.As imagined in John Tenniel's illustrations for the Alice stories he has echoes of John Millais's Sir Isumbras at the Ford..
8/15	==DB== White Knight.writer Aarti Shrivastava.runtime 1518.0.White Knight (film).White Knight is an Indian documentary film directed by Aarti Shrivastava. The subject is Chewang Norphel, a 78-year-old engineer in Leh, Ladakh, who, over the last 15 years, has invented and implemented a technology that is helping provide a solution to an ecological disaster created by climate change. The film documents how Ladakh is grappling with an alarming water scarcity situation. In this high altitude desert where the melting of glaciers has been the traditional source of fresh water, a warmer planet is playing havoc with lifestyles and the ecology. With glaciers melting faster, fresh water is precious. Norphel's solution uses common sense and elementary observational science to create artificial glaciers..comment White Knight is an Indian documentary film directed by Aarti Shrivastava. The subject is Chewang Norphel, a 78-year-old engineer in Leh, Ladakh, who, over the last 15 years, has invented and implemented a technology that is helping provide a solution to an ecological disaster created by climate change..
9/15	==DB== White Knight (chocolate).A White Knight is a chocolate-coated, chewy, mint-flavoured confectionery bar sold in Australia. It is manufactured by Nestlé Australia. The packaging is blue and white and features a picture of a knight on a horse. Its slogan is 'Mighty Mint Chew'. The 25 gram bar is composed of a white, mint flavoured chewy center coated in compound chocolate. In the 1980s the bar used to lie on top of a piece of cardboard within the wrapper. On the reverse of the card was a picture of a fictional knight which could be bent at the base to stand up. Children would aim to trade and collect the set of these knights. This part of the packaging was discontinued years later, presumably as a cost-cutting measure. It was once sold across all major Australian supermarkets as well as some discount department stores (e.g. Kmart) and milk bars/convenience stores but as of 2014 is now only available in Woolworths and Coles supermarkets and some specialty confectionery stores. The 25g bar was sold at a cheaper price point reflecting its smaller size (e.g. 75c in 2008) but in early 2010 its price was raised similar to the larger (50–60 g) sized chocolate bars (90c at Coles/Woolworths/Kmart) and it currently retails for over $1. Ingredients: Sugar, Glucose Syrup (Derived from Wheat or Corn), Vegetable Fat, Milk Solids, Cocoa, Gelatine, Emulsifiers (Soya Lecithin, 492) Peppermint Oil, Salt, Flavours, Colour (133) Nutritional information:Serving size: 25 g (One bar) Average quantity per serving:Energy 460 kJ, Protein 0.5 g, Fat (Total) 3.1 g (Saturated Fat 2.9 g), Carbohydrate 19.7 g (Sugars 15.1 g), Sodium 10 mg. Average quantity per 100 g (Shown as per Australian food labelling standard):Energy 1830 kJ, Protein 1.9 g, Fat (Total) 12.2 g (Saturated Fat 11.7 g), Carbohydrate 78.7 g (Sugars 60.4 g), Sodium 40 mg..comment A White Knight is a chocolate-coated, chewy, mint-flavoured confectionery bar sold in Australia. It is manufactured by Nestlé Australia. The packaging is blue and white and features a picture of a knight on a horse. Its slogan is 'Mighty Mint Chew'. The 25 gram bar is composed of a white, mint flavoured chewy center coated in compound chocolate. Ingredients: Sugar, Glucose Syrup (Derived from Wheat or Corn), Vegetable Fat, Milk Solids, Cocoa, Gelatine, Emulsifiers (Soya Lecithin, 492) Peppermint Oil, Salt, Flavours, Colour (133) Nutritional information:Serving size: 25 g (One bar).
10/15	==SS== To unnecessarily defend somebody.
11/15	==DB== White Knight (Fitzgibbon family).The Pedigree of The White Knight was one of three hereditary knighthoods within Ireland dating from the medieval period. It was held by the Fitzgibbon family, and has since become dormant. The others are Fitzgerald: Knight of Glin (also called the Black Knight) which too after 700 years, has become dormant since the passing of the 29th Knight, September 2011) and Fitzgerald: Knight of Kerry (also called the Green Knight)..comment The Pedigree of The White Knight was one of three hereditary knighthoods within Ireland dating from the medieval period. It was held by the Fitzgibbon family, and has since become dormant. The others are Fitzgerald: Knight of Glin (also called the Black Knight) which too after 700 years, has become dormant since the passing of the 29th Knight, September 2011) and Fitzgerald: Knight of Kerry (also called the Green Knight)..
12/15	==DB== The White Knight.publisher Oliver & Boyd.dewey 828.congress PR4612 .T3 1976.oclc 186449183.The White Knight (book).The White Knight is a biography of the author Lewis Carroll by Alexander L. Taylor, first published in 1952..comment The White Knight is a biography of the author Lewis Carroll by Alexander L. Taylor, first published in 1952..
13/15	==DB== White Knight Chronicles Original Soundtrack ~Ancient Heartbeat~.producer Akihiro Hino.writer Akihiro Hino.composer Takeshi Inoue.composer Noriyasu Agematsu.composer Yumiko Hashizume.title White Knight Chronicles.designer Akihiro Hino.Aniplex.length 7478.0.series White Knight Chronicles.released --12-25.released 2009-07-01.artist Takeshi Inoue, Yumiko Hashizume, Noriyasu Agematsu, Hideo Inai, Akihiro Hino, and Kazco Hamano.White Knight Chronicles.White Knight Chronicles (白騎士物語 -古の鼓動- Shirokishi Monogatari: Inishie no Kodō, "White Knight Story: Ancient Heartbeat") is a fantasy role-playing video game developed by Level-5 and SCE Japan Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 3. It is Level-5's first project for the system. As of August 8, 2009 it has sold 350,000 copies in Japan. A sequel titled White Knight Chronicles II was released in Japan in 2010. A related game for the PlayStation Portable, titled White Knight Chronicles: Origins was released in Japan, Europe and, Australia in 2011. On June 18, 2013, the Geonet server was shut down by Sony Computer Entertainment America in North America and Europe..comment White Knight Chronicles (白騎士物語 -古の鼓動- Shirokishi Monogatari: Inishie no Kodō, "White Knight Story: Ancient Heartbeat") is a fantasy role-playing video game developed by Level-5 and SCE Japan Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 3. It is Level-5's first project for the system. As of August 8, 2009 it has sold 350,000 copies in Japan. A sequel titled White Knight Chronicles II was released in Japan in 2010. A related game for the PlayStation Portable, titled White Knight Chronicles: Origins was released in Japan, Europe and, Australia in 2011..
14/15	==DB== designer Herman Posnansky and Robert L. Fronius.Posnansky/Fronius PF-1 White Knight.The Posnansky/Fronius PF-1 White Knight is a Swiss/American FAI Standard Class high-wing, T-tailed, single-seat glider that was designed and constructed by Herman Posnansky and later greatly redesigned by Posnansky and Robert L. Fronius..comment The Posnansky/Fronius PF-1 White Knight is a Swiss/American FAI Standard Class high-wing, T-tailed, single-seat glider that was designed and constructed by Herman Posnansky and later greatly redesigned by Posnansky and Robert L. Fronius..
15/15	==DB== type Carrier aircraft.numberBuilt 1.Scaled Composites White Knight.The Scaled Composites Model 318 White Knight (now also called White Knight One) is a jet-powered carrier aircraft used to launch the Scaled Composites SpaceShipOne experimental spacecraft. It was developed by Scaled Composites as part of its Tier One program. The aircraft was subsequently offered by Scaled on a contract basis as a research testbed, and was used for drop tests of the Boeing X-37 spaceplane from June 2005 until April 2006. It is also the predecessor to White Knight Two..comment The Scaled Composites Model 318 White Knight (now also called White Knight One) is a jet-powered carrier aircraft used to launch the Scaled Composites SpaceShipOne experimental spacecraft. It was developed by Scaled Composites as part of its Tier One program. The aircraft was subsequently offered by Scaled on a contract basis as a research testbed, and was used for drop tests of the Boeing X-37 spaceplane from June 2005 until April 2006. It is also the predecessor to White Knight Two..
===300	make love	8
1/8	==DB== Making Love.writer Barry Sandler.distributor 20.runtime 6780.0.starring *.budget 1.4E7.gross 1.1897978E7.Making Love.Making Love is a 1982 American film. It tells the story of a married man coming to terms with his homosexuality and the love triangle that develops around him, his wife and another man. It stars Kate Jackson, Harry Hamlin and Michael Ontkean..comment Making Love is a 1982 American film. It tells the story of a married man coming to terms with his homosexuality and the love triangle that develops around him, his wife and another man. It stars Kate Jackson, Harry Hamlin and Michael Ontkean..
2/8	==SS== To make amorous approaches ; to woo, romance, court.
3/8	==DB== Making Love... The Very Best of Air Supply.
4/8	==DB== Make Love.filename Keri Hilson - Make Love.ogg.title Keri Hilson – "Make Love".description 90.0.released 2009-06-23.recorded No Excuses Studio.lastSingle "Knock You Down".nextSingle "Slow Dance".Make Love.(For other uses, see Making Love (disambiguation).) "Make Love" is a song performed by American recording artist and songwriter Keri Hilson. It was written by Jamal "Polow da Don" Jones, Ester Dean and Jason Perry, and produced by Polow da Don and Perry for Hilson's debut studio album, In a Perfect World... (2009). The song was sent for urban adult contemporary airplay on June 23, 2009 as the fifth single from the album. Musically, "Make Love" is a downtempo R&B ballad. The song received mixed reviews from music critics; some of them criticized its long length and Hilson's vocals, while others named it one of the album's standouts. After being sent out for radio airplay, "Make Love" reached number ten on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart, but received no direct promotion. However, three months prior to the single's release, a music video for the song, directed by Matt Barnes, was released and served as a viral commercial for In a Perfect World... The clip features rapper Kanye West, who appears on the album's previous single, "Knock You Down"..comment (For other uses, see Making Love (disambiguation).) "Make Love" is a song performed by American recording artist and songwriter Keri Hilson. It was written by Jamal "Polow da Don" Jones, Ester Dean and Jason Perry, and produced by Polow da Don and Perry for Hilson's debut studio album, In a Perfect World... (2009). The song was sent for urban adult contemporary airplay on June 23, 2009 as the fifth single from the album. Musically, "Make Love" is a downtempo R&B ballad. The song received mixed reviews from music critics; some of them criticized its long length and Hilson's vocals, while others named it one of the album's standouts..
5/8	==DB== Making Love.length 2096.0.Making Love (album).Making Love is an album by Atom and His Package, composed of B-sides, EP exclusives, and rarities originating from various artist compilations..comment Making Love is an album by Atom and His Package, composed of B-sides, EP exclusives, and rarities originating from various artist compilations..
6/8	==DB== Making Love.writer * Burt Bacharach * Bruce Roberts * Carole Bayer Sager.released 1982-02-08.bSide "Jesse".Making Love (song)."Making Love" is a 1982 song written by Burt Bacharach, Bruce Roberts, and Carole Bayer Sager, and recorded by Roberta Flack. It served as the theme song to the film of the same name. It also appeared on Flack's album I'm the One. It charted #13 Pop and #29 R&B and was her last Top 40 hit as a solo artist..comment "Making Love" is a 1982 song written by Burt Bacharach, Bruce Roberts, and Carole Bayer Sager, and recorded by Roberta Flack. It served as the theme song to the film of the same name. It also appeared on Flack's album I'm the One. It charted #13 Pop and #29 R&B and was her last Top 40 hit as a solo artist..
7/8	==DB== Making Love - A Conspiracy of the Heart.
8/8	==DB== Making Love.Making Love Out of Nothing At All.Arista.Geffen.length 343.0.length 269.0.length 469.0.length 338.0.format 7.0.bSide "Late Again".certification Gold.lastSingle "Two Less Lonely People in the World".Making Love Out of Nothing at All."Making Love Out of Nothing At All" is a power ballad written and composed by Jim Steinman and first released by Australian soft rock band Air Supply for their 1983 compilation album Greatest Hits. It reached number 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 (blocked by "Total Eclipse of the Heart" by Bonnie Tyler for 3 weeks, giving Steinman a consecutive peak of two songs). The song has been covered by many other artists, the most successful being that of Bonnie Tyler..comment "Making Love Out of Nothing At All" is a power ballad written and composed by Jim Steinman and first released by Australian soft rock band Air Supply for their 1983 compilation album Greatest Hits. It reached number 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 (blocked by "Total Eclipse of the Heart" by Bonnie Tyler for 3 weeks, giving Steinman a consecutive peak of two songs). The song has been covered by many other artists, the most successful being that of Bonnie Tyler..
===301	do no harm	8
1/8	==DB== 
2/8	==SS== To perform no actions which will be injurious or in any way unfavorable to another person, regardless of whether one does anything of positive benefit for that other person.
3/8	==DB== Do No Harm (Burn Notice).
4/8	==DB== runtime 2580.0.showName Do No Harm.starring *.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 13.executiveProducer *.executiveProducer * David Schulner *.executiveProducer * Rachel Kaplan.company * Open 4 Business Productions.company * Mount Moriah * The Best Day Entertainment *.pictureFormat 480.pictureFormat 1080.lastAired 2013-09-07.Do No Harm (TV series).Do No Harm is an American drama that aired from January 31 through September 7, 2013, on NBC. The network placed a series order in May 2012. On November 12, 2012, NBC reduced its episode order for the series from 13 to 12 episodes, due to scheduling conflicts. On February 8, 2013, it was announced that NBC had canceled the series after airing two episodes, due to low ratings. On April 26, 2013, NBC announced that the remaining episodes would be burned off, beginning June 29, 2013..comment Do No Harm is an American drama that aired from January 31 through September 7, 2013, on NBC. The network placed a series order in May 2012. On November 12, 2012, NBC reduced its episode order for the series from 13 to 12 episodes, due to scheduling conflicts. On February 8, 2013, it was announced that NBC had canceled the series after airing two episodes, due to low ratings. On April 26, 2013, NBC announced that the remaining episodes would be burned off, beginning June 29, 2013..
5/8	==DB== First, do no harm.
6/8	==DB== Do No Harm (HR report on Bahrain).
7/8	==DB== title Do No Harm.season 1.airdate 2005-04-06.episode 20.guests John Terry as Christian Shephard.guests Julie Bowen as Sarah.guests Zack Ward as Marc Silverman.guests Clarence Logan as Minister.guests John Tilton as Tux shop owner.Do No Harm (Lost)."Do No Harm" is the twentieth episode of the first season of Lost. The episode was directed by Stephen Williams and written by Janet Tamaro. It first aired on April 6, 2005, on ABC. While trying to make contact with the outside world from a plane discovered in the jungle tree canopy, Boone Carlyle (Ian Somerhalder) is critically injured when the plane suddenly shifts and crashes to the ground, so Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) desperately tries to save his life. The flashbacks in this episode revolve around Jack's marriage to a former patient, Sarah (Julie Bowen)..comment "Do No Harm" is the twentieth episode of the first season of Lost. The episode was directed by Stephen Williams and written by Janet Tamaro. It first aired on April 6, 2005, on ABC. While trying to make contact with the outside world from a plane discovered in the jungle tree canopy, Boone Carlyle (Ian Somerhalder) is critically injured when the plane suddenly shifts and crashes to the ground, so Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) desperately tries to save his life. The flashbacks in this episode revolve around Jack's marriage to a former patient, Sarah (Julie Bowen)..
8/8	==DB== …First Do No Harm.
===302	take care	6
1/6	==DB== Take Care.writer Liz Tuccillo.runtime 5640.0.starring *.starring * Leslie Bibb *.starring * Michael Godere *.starring * Heena Shim.music * Phil Hernandez * Chris Maxell *.Take Care (film).Take Care is a 2014 comedy-drama film about a woman who, after getting hit by a car, realizes her friends don't really want to take good care of her, so she enlists the help of her ex-boyfriend, whom she had taken care of when he was ill during their relationship..comment Take Care is a 2014 comedy-drama film about a woman who, after getting hit by a car, realizes her friends don't really want to take good care of her, so she enlists the help of her ex-boyfriend, whom she had taken care of when he was ill during their relationship..
2/6	==DB== Take Care, Take Care, Take Care.TRR199.length 2765.0.released 2011-04-18.lastAlbum All of a Sudden I Miss Everyone.nextAlbum The Wilderness.Take Care, Take Care, Take Care.Take Care, Take Care, Take Care is the sixth studio album by American post-rock band Explosions in the Sky, which was released on April 18, 2011 in the UK, April 25, 2011 in Europe, and April 26, 2011 in the US..comment Take Care, Take Care, Take Care is the sixth studio album by American post-rock band Explosions in the Sky, which was released on April 18, 2011 in the UK, April 25, 2011 in Europe, and April 26, 2011 in the US..
3/6	==SS== good-bye (literally, take care of yourself)
4/6	==DB== Take Care.producer 40.0.producer Gee Roberson.producer Aubrey "Drake" Graham.producer Cortez Bryant.producer Chase N. Cashe.producer Drew Murray.length 4818.0.released 2011-11-15.lastAlbum Thank Me Later.nextAlbum Nothing Was the Same.Take Care (album).Take Care is the second studio album by Canadian hip hop recording artist Drake. It was released on November 15, 2011, by Young Money Entertainment, Cash Money Records and Republic Records. It serves as a follow-up to his debut album Thank Me Later (2010). Recording sessions took place from 2010 to 2011, with production that was primarily handled by frequent collaborator Noah "40" Shebib, alongside T-Minus, The Weeknd, Boi-1da, Just Blaze, Jamie xx and Drake himself, among others. For this album, the recording was more cohesive than Drake's debut album. While expanding the sonic aesthetic from his debut album, Take Care features an atmospheric sound that was characterized by a low-key musical elements and incorporates R&B, pop, electronica and post-dubstep styles. Drake's lyrics mostly eschew boastful raps for introspective lyrics that deals with topics such as failed romances, relationship with friends and family, growing wealth and fame, concerns about leading a hollow life, and despondency. The album was noted by music writers for its minimalist R&B elements, existential subject matter, conflicted lyrics, and Drake's alternately sung and rapped vocals. Labeling as one of the most anticipated music releases in 2011, Take Care has experienced some several delays to its release date and some subsequent online leakage, only nine days before its scheduled release. The album was promoted with eight singles— "Marvins Room", "Headlines", "Make Me Proud" featuring Nicki Minaj, "The Motto", "Take Care" featuring Rihanna, "HYFR (Hell Ya Fucking Right)" featuring Lil Wayne, "Crew Love" featuring The Weeknd, and "Lord Knows" featuring Rick Ross— in which all of these songs have attained the chart success, while Drake was promoting for his 2012's Club Paradise Tour. The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, selling 631,000 copies in its first week. As of August 2015, Take Care has sold 2,260,000 copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan. Upon its release, Take Care received generally positive reviews from music critics, who commended its expansive production, emotional themes, and Drake's songwriting. It was included on year-end lists by several publications; including The New York Times and Los Angeles Times, both of which ranked it at number one, and earned Drake a Grammy Award for the Best Rap Album..comment Take Care is the second studio album by Canadian hip hop recording artist Drake. It was released on November 15, 2011, by Young Money Entertainment, Cash Money Records and Republic Records. It serves as a follow-up to his debut album Thank Me Later (2010). Recording sessions took place from 2010 to 2011, with production that was primarily handled by frequent collaborator Noah "40" Shebib, alongside T-Minus, The Weeknd, Boi-1da, Just Blaze, Jamie xx and Drake himself, among others. For this album, the recording was more cohesive than Drake's debut album. While expanding the sonic aesthetic from his debut album, Take Care features an atmospheric sound that was characterized by a low-key musical elements and incorporates R&B, pop, electronica and post-dubstep styles. Drake's lyrics mostly esc.
5/6	==DB== Take Care.producer 40.writer Anthony Palman.filename Drake - Take Care.ogg.title Take Care.released 2012-02-21.artist Drake featuring Rihanna.lastSingle "The Motto".nextSingle "Stay Schemin'".Take Care (song)."Take Care" is the title track from Canadian rapper Drake's second album 2011 album of the same name. The song features guest vocals from Barbadian singer Rihanna. The song samples Jamie xx's remix of Gil Scott-Heron's version of "I'll Take Care of You". "Take Care" was released as the fifth single from the album on February 21, 2012. It is a club song about a couple in a relationship acknowledging they have been hurt in their past, but will look after one another."Take Care" was met with critical acclaim from music critics, many of whom praised Rihanna's inclusion on the song, as well as her vocal performance. "Take Care" achieved commercial success, reaching number seven on the US Billboard Hot 100, while also reaching the top ten in Australia, Denmark, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. It further peaked at numbers two and eight on the US Rap Songs and Pop Songs charts, and charted within the top ten of the UK Singles Chart.The song's accompanying music video, directed by Yoann Lemoine, depicts simplistic art including Drake and Rihanna's characters in an intimate relationship, with other scenes featuring animals such as a bull, black-throated magpie-jay and tropical fish, and various outdoor landscapes. The video portrays the ups and downs of a relationship with poaching and wildfires. Critics praised the video for its simple and minimalistic theme..comment "Take Care" is the title track from Canadian rapper Drake's second album 2011 album of the same name. The song features guest vocals from Barbadian singer Rihanna. The song samples Jamie xx's remix of Gil Scott-Heron's version of "I'll Take Care of You". "Take Care" was released as the fifth single from the album on February 21, 2012. It is a club song about a couple in a relationship acknowledging they have been hurt in their past, but will look after one another."Take Care" was met with critical acclaim from music critics, many of whom praised Rihanna's inclusion on the song, as well as her vocal performance..
6/6	==SS== To be cautious, careful or prudent.
===303	do work	38
1/38	==DB== Work.producer *The Invisible Men *.producer 1.writer *.writer *Trocon Markous Roberts *Natalie Sims.type music.filename IggyAzaleaWorkSample.ogg.title "Work".description A 15-second sample of the snap, trap refrain in "Work", with Azalea repeating the lyric "Now get this work"..*.length 223.0.released 2013-03-17.recorded 2012.lastSingle "Beat Down".nextSingle "Bounce".Work (Iggy Azalea song)."Work" is a song recorded by Australian rapper Iggy Azalea for her debut studio album, The New Classic (2014). It was released as Azalea's debut single as a lead artist, and the album's lead single on 17 March 2013. The track was written by Azalea, Trocon Markous Roberts, Natalie Sims, and The Invisible Men who produced it with 1st Down of FKi. Hailed by Azalea as her most personal song, "Work" was developed with motivational and inspirational intentions to portray her life story; specifically dealing with her struggle as an up-and-coming rapper, and her relocation from Mullumbimby, New South Wales to Miami at age 16. In sequence with its lyrical story, the snap and trap track begins with a sad-stringed verse segment before significantly increasing in tempo at its drum and synth-heavy refrain. A number of music critics consider the song to be among Azalea's best output, namely praising her flow and the depth of the lyrical content. Commercially, "Work" became a sleeper hit; it peaked at number 17 on the UK Singles Chart and number 54 on the US Billboard Hot 100, but was certified silver and platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) and Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), respectively. "Work" became one of the lowest peaking songs to receive a sales certification in Australia where it reached number 79 and was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). An accompanying music video was directed by Jonas & François and released on 13 March 2013. Inspired by several films, it features Azalea performing twerking sequences and a recreation of Vanessa Ferlito's lap dancing in the 2007 film, Death Proof. The video earned Azalea a nomination for Artist to Watch at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards, and was praised by critics for its fashion, and portrayal of the song's lyrics. Among her live performance staples, Azalea promoted the single with live renditions on Britain & Ireland's Next Top Model and Nikki & Sara Live. It was also included in the setlist for her The New Classic Tour (2014). A number of remixes were commissioned for the single's release, including an official remix featuring American rapper Wale..comment "Work" is a song recorded by Australian rapper Iggy Azalea for her debut studio album, The New Classic (2014). It was released as Azalea's debut single as a lead artist, and the album's lead single on 17 March 2013. The track was written by Azalea, Trocon Markous Roberts, Natalie Sims, and The Invisible Men who produced it with 1st Down of FKi. Hailed by Azalea as her most personal song, "Work" was developed with motivational and inspirational intentions to portray her life story; specifically dealing with her struggle as an up-and-coming rapper, and her relocation from Mullumbimby, New South Wales to Miami at age 16. In sequence with its lyrical story, the snap and trap track begins with a sad-stringed verse segment before significantly increasing in tempo at its drum and synth-heavy refr.
2/38	==DB== Work Work.
3/38	==DB== Work.producer Jars of Clay.length 233.0.length 219.0.lastSingle "Dead Man (Carry Me)".nextSingle "There Is a River".Work (Jars of Clay song)."Work" is a song written and performed by Jars of Clay. It is the second radio single from their 2006 studio album Good Monsters. The song was the 13th most played song on U.S. Christian Hit Radio stations in 2007. A live concert version of the song appears on the Live Monsters EP, which was released in 2007. An acoustic version of the song was included as a bonus thirteenth track on Good Monsters when purchased through a pre-release promotion on Apple's iTunes Store. A music video for "Work" was released in 2006..comment "Work" is a song written and performed by Jars of Clay. It is the second radio single from their 2006 studio album Good Monsters. The song was the 13th most played song on U.S. Christian Hit Radio stations in 2007. A live concert version of the song appears on the Live Monsters EP, which was released in 2007. An acoustic version of the song was included as a bonus thirteenth track on Good Monsters when purchased through a pre-release promotion on Apple's iTunes Store. A music video for "Work" was released in 2006..
4/38	==DB== Work (project management).Work more precise the "joint" or the "concil" (3 in to 12 elements) for an "administration in project management" is the amount of effort applied to produce a deliverable or to accomplish a task (a terminal element) or a group of related tasks defined at the same level in the WBS..comment Work more precise the "joint" or the "concil" (3 in to 12 elements) for an "administration in project management" is the amount of effort applied to produce a deliverable or to accomplish a task (a terminal element) or a group of related tasks defined at the same level in the WBS..
5/38	==DB== WORK (FM).
6/38	==DB== Work.distributor General Film Company.runtime 1980.0.language English.language Silent film.starring Edna Purviance.starring Leo White.starring Charles Inslee.starring Billy Armstrong.released 1915-06-21.Work (film).Work is a 1915 silent film starring Charlie Chaplin (his eighth film for Essanay Films), and co-starring Edna Purviance, Marta Golden and Charles Inslee. It was filmed at the Majestic Studio in Los Angeles..comment Work is a 1915 silent film starring Charlie Chaplin (his eighth film for Essanay Films), and co-starring Edna Purviance, Marta Golden and Charles Inslee. It was filmed at the Majestic Studio in Los Angeles..
7/38	==DB== Work from Home.producer * Coleman *.writer *.writer * Jude Demorest *.*.released 2016-02-26.artist Fifth Harmony featuring Ty Dolla Sign.lastSingle "I'm in Love with a Monster".nextSingle "All in My Head (Flex)".album 7.Work from Home."Work from Home" is a song recorded by American girl group Fifth Harmony featuring rapper and singer Ty Dolla Sign. It was released on February 26, 2016, as the lead single from the group's second studio album, 7/27 (2016). "Work from Home" was written by Joshua Coleman, Jude Demorest, Tyrone Griffin, Jr., Alexander Izquierdo, and Brian Lee. The song debuted at number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100 with 88,000 downloads sold, and reached number 4 in its thirteenth week, becoming their highest charting single in the United States, surpassing "Worth It", which peaked at number 12. "Work from Home" also became the first top-five single in the country by a girl group in ten years, following the September 2006 peak of "Buttons" by The Pussycat Dolls at number 3. Among national airplay charts, the song topped both the Mainstream Top 40 and Rhythmic Songs. As of October 2016, the single has sold 1.3 million copies in the United States. Internationally, "Work from Home" topped the charts in New Zealand and the Netherlands, while peaking within the top ten of the charts in twenty-two other countries. It became their highest-charting single in Australia, Denmark, Canada, Germany and the United Kingdom. Since its release, the song has received several certifications, including quadruple platinum in Australia and Canada, and triple platinum in the United States and Sweden. "Work from Home" won the award for Best Collaboration at 2016 MTV Video Music Awards. Its music video reached one billion views in October 2016..comment "Work from Home" is a song recorded by American girl group Fifth Harmony featuring rapper and singer Ty Dolla Sign. It was released on February 26, 2016, as the lead single from the group's second studio album, 7/27 (2016). "Work from Home" was written by Joshua Coleman, Jude Demorest, Tyrone Griffin, Jr., Alexander Izquierdo, and Brian Lee..
8/38	==DB== Work: A Story of Experience.genre Semi-autobiographical novel.publisher Roberts Bros., Boston.mediaType Print.Work: A Story of Experience.Work: A Story of Experience, first published in 1873, is a semi-autobiographical novel by Louisa May Alcott, the author of Little Women, set in the times before and after the American Civil War. It is one of "several nineteenth-century novels [which] uncovers the changes in women's work in the new industrial era, as well as the dilemmas, tensions, and the meaning of that work". The story depicts the struggles of a young woman trying to support herself. The main character, Christie Devon, works outside the home in a variety of different jobs, but the end of her story marks "the beginning of a new career as a voice and activist for other working women". The character David Sterling is loosely based on Alcott's friend, Henry David Thoreau..comment Work: A Story of Experience, first published in 1873, is a semi-autobiographical novel by Louisa May Alcott, the author of Little Women, set in the times before and after the American Civil War. It is one of "several nineteenth-century novels [which] uncovers the changes in women's work in the new industrial era, as well as the dilemmas, tensions, and the meaning of that work". The story depicts the struggles of a young woman trying to support herself. The main character, Christie Devon, works outside the home in a variety of different jobs, but the end of her story marks "the beginning of a new career as a voice and activist for other working women"..
9/38	==DB== Milton Work.Milton Cooper Work (September 15, 1864 – June 27, 1934) was an American authority on whist, bridge whist, auction and contract bridge. At least during the 19th century he was a cricket player, writer, and official. Work, Sidney Lenz, and Oswald Jacoby were named to its bridge hall of fame by The Bridge World monthly magazine in 1965, which brought the number of members to six. They were all made founding members of the ACBL Hall of Fame in 1995..comment Milton Cooper Work (September 15, 1864 – June 27, 1934) was an American authority on whist, bridge whist, auction and contract bridge. At least during the 19th century he was a cricket player, writer, and official. Work, Sidney Lenz, and Oswald Jacoby were named to its bridge hall of fame by The Bridge World monthly magazine in 1965, which brought the number of members to six. They were all made founding members of the ACBL Hall of Fame in 1995..
10/38	==DB== The Works (disambiguation).
11/38	==DB== Working (disambiguation).
12/38	==DB== Work (electrical).Electrical work is the work done on a charged particle by an electric field. The equation for 'electrical' work is equivalent to that of 'mechanical' work: where Q is the charge of the particle, q, the unit chargeE is the electric field, which at a location is the force at that location divided by a unit ('test') chargeFE is the Coulomb (electric) forcer is the displacement is the dot product The electrical work per unit of charge, when moving a negligible test charge between two points, is defined as the voltage between those points..comment Electrical work is the work done on a charged particle by an electric field. The equation for 'electrical' work is equivalent to that of 'mechanical' work: where Q is the charge of the particle, q, the unit chargeE is the electric field, which at a location is the force at that location divided by a unit ('test') chargeFE is the Coulomb (electric) forcer is the displacement is the dot product The electrical work per unit of charge, when moving a negligible test charge between two points, is defined as the voltage between those points..
13/38	==DB== Creative work.A creative work is a manifestation of creative effort including fine artwork (sculpture, paintings), writing (literature), filmmaking, and musical composition. Creative works have in common a degree of arbitrariness, such that it is improbable that two people would independently create the same work. At its base, creative work involves two main steps—having an idea, and then turning that idea into a reality. The term is frequently u copyright..comment A creative work is a manifestation of creative effort including fine artwork (sculpture, paintings), writing (literature), filmmaking, and musical composition. Creative works have in common a degree of arbitrariness, such that it is improbable that two people would independently create the same work. At its base, creative work involves two main steps—having an idea, and then turning that idea into a reality. The term is frequently u copyright..
14/38	==DB== Work (Britney Spears song).
15/38	==DB== Work of art.A work of art, artwork, art piece, piece of art or art object is an aesthetic physical item or artistic creation. Apart from "work of art", which may be used of any work regarded as art in its widest sense, including works from literature and music, these terms apply principally to tangible, portable forms of visual art:  * An example of fine art, such as a painting or sculpture  * An object that has been designed specifically for its aesthetic appeal, such as a piece of jewelry  * An object that has been designed for aesthetic appeal as well as functional purpose, as in interior design and much folk art   * An object created for principally or entirely functional, religious or other non-aesthetic reasons which has come to be appreciated as art (often later, and/or by cultural outsiders)  * A non-ephemeral photograph, film or visual computer program, such as a video game or computer animation  * A work of installation art or conceptual art. Used more broadly, the term is less commonly applied to:  * A fine work of architecture or landscape design  * A production of live performance, such as theater, ballet, opera, performance art, musical concert and other performing arts, and other ephemeral, non-tangible creations. This article is concerned with the terms and concept as used in and applied to the visual arts, although other fields such as aural-music and written word-literature have similar issues and philosophies. The term objet d'art is reserved to describe works of art that are not paintings, prints, drawings or large or medium-sized sculptures, or architecture (e.g. household goods, figurines, etc., some purely aesthetic, some also practical). The term oeuvre is used to describe the complete body of work completed by an artist throughout a career..comment A work of art, artwork, art piece, piece of art or art object is an aesthetic physical item or artistic creation. Apart from "work of art", which may be used of any work regarded as art in its widest sense, including works from literature and music, these terms apply principally to tangible, portable forms of visual art: Used more broadly, the term is less commonly applied to:.
16/38	==DB== title Work.Work (painting).Work (1852–1865) is a painting by Ford Madox Brown that is generally considered to be his most important achievement. It exists in two versions. The painting attempts to portray, both literally and analytically, the totality of the Victorian social system and the transition from a rural to an urban economy. Brown began the painting in 1852 and completed it in 1865, when he set up a special exhibition to showcase it along with several of his other works. He wrote a detailed catalogue explaining the significance of the picture. The painting was commissioned by Thomas Plint, a well-known collector of Pre-Raphaelite art, who died before its completion. A second version, smaller at 684 x 990 mm, was commissioned in 1859 and completed in 1863. This is now in the Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery. It is closely similar, though for the lady with a blue parasol the face of Maria Leathart, the commissioner's wife, replaces that of Mrs Brown in the Manchester version. The picture depicts a group of so-called "navvies" digging up the road to build an underground tunnel. It is typically assumed that this was part of the extensions of London's sewerage system, which were being undertaken to deal with the threat of typhus and cholera. The workers are in the centre of the painting. On either side of them are individuals who are either unemployed or represent the leisured classes. Behind the workers are two wealthy figures on horseback, whose progress along the road has been halted by the excavations. The painting also portrays an election campaign, evidenced by posters and people carrying sandwich boards with the name of the candidate "Bobus". A poster also draws attention to the potential presence of a burglar. The setting is an accurate depiction of The Mount on Heath Street in Hampstead, London, where a side road rises up above the main road and runs alongside it. Brown made a detailed study of the location in 1852..comment Work (1852–1865) is a painting by Ford Madox Brown that is generally considered to be his most important achievement. It exists in two versions. The painting attempts to portray, both literally and analytically, the totality of the Victorian social system and the transition from a rural to an urban economy. Brown began the painting in 1852 and completed it in 1865, when he set up a special exhibition to showcase it along with several of his other works. He wrote a detailed catalogue explaining the significance of the picture..
17/38	==DB== Work (professional wrestling).
18/38	==DB== Work (Christian theology).
19/38	==DB== Work Group.founded 1992.Work Group.The Work Group (stylized as The WORK Group) was an American record label..comment The Work Group (stylized as The WORK Group) was an American record label..
20/38	==DB== Work (thermodynamics).In thermodynamics, work performed by a system is the energy transferred by the system to its surroundings, that is fully accounted for solely by macroscopic forces exerted on the system by factors external to it, that is to say, factors in its surroundings. Thermodynamic work is a version of the concept of work in physics. The external factors may be electromagnetic, gravitational, or pressure/volume or other simply mechanical constraints. Thermodynamic work is defined to be measurable solely from knowledge of such external macroscopic forces. These forces are associated with macroscopic state variables of the system that always occur in conjugate pairs, for example pressure and volume, magnetic flux density and magnetization. In the SI system of measurement, work is measured in joules (symbol: J). The rate at which work is performed is power..comment In thermodynamics, work performed by a system is the energy transferred by the system to its surroundings, that is fully accounted for solely by macroscopic forces exerted on the system by factors external to it, that is to say, factors in its surroundings. Thermodynamic work is a version of the concept of work in physics..
21/38	==DB== Work.released 2012-01-01.lastSingle "Bear Hug".Work (The 2 Bears song)."Work" is a single by London-based musical duo The 2 Bears. It was released on 1 January 2012 as a Digital download in the United Kingdom. The song features on their debut studio album Be Strong..comment "Work" is a single by London-based musical duo The 2 Bears. It was released on 1 January 2012 as a Digital download in the United Kingdom. The song features on their debut studio album Be Strong..
22/38	==DB== Work.writer Ina Wroldsen, Harry Sommerdahl, Kalle Engström.length 193.0.released 2009-06-29.bSide "Unofficial".lastSingle "Just Can't Get Enough".nextSingle "Forever Is Over".Work (The Saturdays song)."Work" is the fifth single by English-Irish girl group The Saturdays. The pop song was written by Ina Wroldsen, Harry Sommerdahl and Kalle Engström. "Work" was released on 29 June 2009 as the final single from the group's debut album, Chasing Lights. The single was released by Fascination Records in the United Kingdom and Europe, while releasing the single in Ireland under the label of Polydor Records. The song was released with a music video, which was filmed on 16 May 2009 at Shepperton Studios. The music video features a different beat to the single. The music video became the band's most viewed video (at the time of the release), and which took concept of the band's upcoming tour to be titled The Work Tour. "Work", kicked the tour off, by having clips of the music video, where they do the catwalk. Although the song was a fan favourite, it failed to gain the success of the band's four previous singles. It charted at number 22 on the UK Singles Chart, number 21 on the Irish Singles Chart and 68 on the European Hot 100 Singles. The song became the band's lowest charting single in the UK at the time, and their first to miss the top ten. The single was remixed by audio and music technician, Phil Tan for its release..comment "Work" is the fifth single by English-Irish girl group The Saturdays. The pop song was written by Ina Wroldsen, Harry Sommerdahl and Kalle Engström. "Work" was released on 29 June 2009 as the final single from the group's debut album, Chasing Lights. The single was released by Fascination Records in the United Kingdom and Europe, while releasing the single in Ireland under the label of Polydor Records..
23/38	==DB== House work.
24/38	==DB== The Work.yearsActive 1980.background group_or_band.pastMembers Mick Hobbs.pastMembers Rick Wilson.The Work (band).The Work were an English post-punk rock group, founded in 1980 by multi-instrumentalist/composer Tim Hodgkinson and guitarist/composer Bill Gilonis, with bass guitarist Mick Hobbs and drummer Rick Wilson. The band toured Europe in 1981 and 1982, and recorded their first album, Slow Crimes in 1982. After a tour of Japan later that year and releasing Live in Japan, the band split up. In 1989, the Work reformed to record Rubber Cage and performed throughout Europe between 1989 and 1994, releasing another album, See in 1992..comment The Work were an English post-punk rock group, founded in 1980 by multi-instrumentalist/composer Tim Hodgkinson and guitarist/composer Bill Gilonis, with bass guitarist Mick Hobbs and drummer Rick Wilson. The band toured Europe in 1981 and 1982, and recorded their first album, Slow Crimes in 1982. After a tour of Japan later that year and releasing Live in Japan, the band split up. In 1989, the Work reformed to record Rubber Cage and performed throughout Europe between 1989 and 1994, releasing another album, See in 1992..
25/38	==DB== Work (physics).In physics, a force is said to do work if, when acting there is a displacement of the point of application in the direction of the force. For example, when a ball is held above the ground and then dropped, the work done on the ball as it falls is equal to the weight of the ball (a force) multiplied by the distance to the ground (a displacement). The term work was introduced in 1826 by the French mathematician Gaspard-Gustave Coriolis as "weight lifted through a height", which is based on the use of early steam engines to lift buckets of water out of flooded ore mines. The SI unit of work is the joule (J)..comment In physics, a force is said to do work if, when acting there is a displacement of the point of application in the direction of the force. For example, when a ball is held above the ground and then dropped, the work done on the ball as it falls is equal to the weight of the ball (a force) multiplied by the distance to the ground (a displacement)..
26/38	==DB== Work.producer 40.0.writer Allen Ritter.writer Rupert Thomas.Westbury Road.released 2016-01-27.artist Rihanna featuring Drake.recorded Westlake Recording Studios and Sandra Gale Studios.recorded S.O.T.A. Studios.lastSingle "American Oxygen".nextSingle "Kiss It Better".Work (Rihanna song)."Work" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her eighth studio album, Anti (2016), featuring Canadian rapper Drake, the song was released as the lead single from Anti on January 27, 2016 through Westbury Road and Roc Nation. The song was written by PartyNextDoor, Drake, Rihanna, Monte Moir, Rupert "Sevn" Thomas, Allen Ritter and Matthew Samuels, and was produced by Boi-1da, Sevn Thomas, Ritter, Kuk Harrell and Noah "40" Shebib. The dancehall, reggae-pop and R&B song, contains an interpolation of "If You Were Here Tonight" (1985) performed by Alexander O'Neal. Lyrically, the song incorporates themes of working for money, as well as discussing fragile relationships. The song uses West Indian Patois and Creole. Critical response to "Work" was mixed; critics praised its composition and Rihanna's decision to return to her earlier themes of dancehall music, while others were more skeptical of the song's potential as a comeback for the singer. The song reached number one on the United States' Billboard Hot 100 chart, becoming Rihanna's fourteenth number-one single and making her the artist with the third-most number-one songs on the chart. The song remained at the top for nine weeks. The song also peaked at number one in Canada, Brazil, Denmark, France, Neatherlands and the top five of the charts in Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, the United Kingdom and Germany. The song was accompanied by two music videos, which both premiered on February 22, 2016. The first of the two versions was directed by Rihanna's previous collaborator Director X, while the second was directed by Tim Erem. The song was further promoted with live performance's at the 2016 BRIT Awards which featured guest appearances from Drake and SZA, the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards, as well as being performed on the Anti World Tour. "Work" was praised as a song which brought the genre of dancehall to the forefront of American music, becoming the first dancehall song to top the Billboard Hot 100 since Sean Paul's "Temperature" (2006). As of July 2016, the song has sold 1.6 million copies in the US..comment "Work" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her eighth studio album, Anti (2016), featuring Canadian rapper Drake, the song was released as the lead single from Anti on January 27, 2016 through Westbury Road and Roc Nation. The song was written by PartyNextDoor, Drake, Rihanna, Monte Moir, Rupert "Sevn" Thomas, Allen Ritter and Matthew Samuels, and was produced by Boi-1da, Sevn Thomas, Ritter, Kuk Harrell and Noah "40" Shebib. The dancehall, reggae-pop and R&B song, contains an interpolation of "If You Were Here Tonight" (1985) performed by Alexander O'Neal. Lyrically, the song incorporates themes of working for money, as well as discussing fragile relationships. The song uses West Indian Patois and Creole..
27/38	==DB== Work.Merge Records.Vertigo Records.released 2010-02-23.lastAlbum Our Ill Wills.Work (album).Work is a 2010 album by Swedish indie rock band Shout Out Louds. It was released in the United States and Canada on 23 February 2010, in Scandinavia on 24 February 2010 and in Germany, Australia, Switzerland, and Austria on 26 February 2010. The album was preceded by 2007's Our Ill Wills. The first single off of Work was "Walls", which was released as a free MP3 download through the band's website. The second single, "Fall Hard", was made available as free streaming audio on the band's MySpace website over a month before the album's release. Walls is the band's third full-length release. It was produced by Phil Ek, the producer of American folk rock band Fleet Foxes' eponymous debut album, Band of Horses' Cease to Begin, and The Shins' Chutes Too Narrow and Wincing the Night Away. Merge Records, the label on which the album is being distributed in North America, describes the album as "strip[ping] away the bells and whistles of previous efforts"..comment Work is a 2010 album by Swedish indie rock band Shout Out Louds. It was released in the United States and Canada on 23 February 2010, in Scandinavia on 24 February 2010 and in Germany, Australia, Switzerland, and Austria on 26 February 2010. The album was preceded by 2007's Our Ill Wills. The first single off of Work was "Walls", which was released as a free MP3 download through the band's website. The second single, "Fall Hard", was made available as free streaming audio on the band's MySpace website over a month before the album's release..
28/38	==DB== Work.writer Ciara Harris, Nate Hills, Marcella Araica, Missy Elliott.filename Ciara - Work.ogg.title Ciara featuring Missy Elliott – "Work".description "Work" is an electropop and dance song with hip hop beats..released 2009-07-24.artist Ciara featuring Missy Elliott.bSide "Fit of Love".Work (Ciara song)."Work" is a song recorded by American recording artist Ciara for her third studio album Fantasy Ride (2009). It was released by LaFace Records on July 24, 2009, as the album's fifth and final single. Rapper Missy Elliott provides featured vocals on the song. Ciara and Elliott wrote it in collaboration with its producers Nate "Danja" Hills and Marcella Araica. "Work" is a fast-paced electropop and dance song with elements of house and hip hop. Ciara described it as an energetic club track, and considered it initially as the lead single of Fantasy Ride. "Work" received mixed opinions overall by critics, some of whom called it the album's strongest track and praised its hook, while others regarded the song as unoriginal and disappointing. The single peaked at number 52 on the UK Singles Chart and number 46 in Sweden. In Ireland, it reached number 31, the single's highest peak position on any chart. Melina Matsoukas directed the song's music video, in which Ciara performs with her dancers..comment "Work" is a song recorded by American recording artist Ciara for her third studio album Fantasy Ride (2009). It was released by LaFace Records on July 24, 2009, as the album's fifth and final single. Rapper Missy Elliott provides featured vocals on the song. Ciara and Elliott wrote it in collaboration with its producers Nate "Danja" Hills and Marcella Araica. "Work" is a fast-paced electropop and dance song with elements of house and hip hop. Ciara described it as an energetic club track, and considered it initially as the lead single of Fantasy Ride..
29/38	==DB== Work.writer Jamie Adenuga singles.length 216.0.released 2013-07-14.lastSingle "If You Don't Know".Work (Jme song)."Work" is a single by English grime artist Jme. The song was released in the United Kingdom on 14 July 2013 as the second single from his third studio album, Integrity> (2015). The song peaked at number 133 on the UK Singles Chart and number 16 on the UK Indie Chart..comment "Work" is a single by English grime artist Jme. The song was released in the United Kingdom on 14 July 2013 as the second single from his third studio album, Integrity> (2015). The song peaked at number 133 on the UK Singles Chart and number 16 on the UK Indie Chart..
30/38	==DB== WORK-LP.
31/38	==DB== Work (book).Work: Capitalism, Economics, Resistance is a 376-page anarchist polemic by the CrimethInc. ex-Workers' Collective. Published in 2011, the book examines capitalist economy from historical and functional perspectives, investigating the intersections between micro- and macro-economics, finance, globalization, political power and legitimacy, class, consumerism, police, prisons, technology, social oppression and identity politics, education, and ideology..comment Work: Capitalism, Economics, Resistance is a 376-page anarchist polemic by the CrimethInc. ex-Workers' Collective. Published in 2011, the book examines capitalist economy from historical and functional perspectives, investigating the intersections between micro- and macro-economics, finance, globalization, political power and legitimacy, class, consumerism, police, prisons, technology, social oppression and identity politics, education, and ideology..
32/38	==DB== Work 1989-2002.producer Orbital.length 4185.0.released 2002-06-03.lastAlbum The Altogether.nextAlbum Octane (OST).Work 1989–2002.Work 1989–2002 is a compilation album released by the British electronica duo Orbital in 2002, featuring a selection of singles and rare tracks from their career together. Work was Orbital's final album for the FFRR record company..comment Work 1989–2002 is a compilation album released by the British electronica duo Orbital in 2002, featuring a selection of singles and rare tracks from their career together. Work was Orbital's final album for the FFRR record company..
33/38	==DB== Work.writer Jim Adkins, Rick Burch, Zach Lind,  Tom Linton,.length 203.0.lastSingle "Pain".nextSingle "Futures".Work (Jimmy Eat World song)."Work" is a song by Jimmy Eat World from their 2004 album, Futures. It was the second single released from that album. The song was written by Jim Adkins and features backing vocals by Liz Phair. "Work" received positive reviews from critics, and it appeared on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart and the UK Singles Chart. A music video was released for the song; it featured interviews with high school students. Since the song's release, Jimmy Eat World have included it in their live performances..comment "Work" is a song by Jimmy Eat World from their 2004 album, Futures. It was the second single released from that album. The song was written by Jim Adkins and features backing vocals by Liz Phair. "Work" received positive reviews from critics, and it appeared on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart and the UK Singles Chart. A music video was released for the song; it featured interviews with high school students. Since the song's release, Jimmy Eat World have included it in their live performances..
34/38	==DB== Work.writer Jason "Poo Bear" Boyd, Scott Storch, Kelly Rowland.length 208.0.length 191.0.released 2008-01-21.recorded 2006.format 12.0.lastSingle "Ghetto".nextSingle "Daylight".Work (Kelly Rowland song)."Work" is a song recorded by American recording artist Kelly Rowland. It was written by Rowland, Scott Storch and Jason "Poo Bear" Boyd and co-produced by Storch and Boyd for Rowland's second studio album, Ms. Kelly (2007). The full track was leaked on May 31, 2007 onto the internet. Although Columbia Records intended to release "Work" as Ms. Kelly's lead single, "Like This" was eventually chosen as Rowland, who was influenced by the negative feedback the song received from blogs after the leaked snippets, began to think that that "Work" had no commercial potential. English-Irish DJ duo Freemasons later remixed "Work", which, according to Rowland, gave it "new life". "Work" is an up-tempo composition which displays elements of funk music and go-go. Composed in the key of D#minor, the song lyrically speaks of a woman who affirms to her man that actions speak louder than words and that she is not a woman who is easy to get to. Following the less successful chart performances of previous single "Ghetto", the record was released as the album's second single during the first quarter of 2008 (see 2008 in music) in most international music markets, excluding parts of North America. Prominently pushed by a re-arranged remix by British producer duo Freemasons, "Work" enjoyed major commercial success and eventually became Rowland's best-charting solo single since her 2002 songs "Dilemma" and "Stole", reaching the top ten in Australia, Finland, France, Greece, Italy, Switzerland, Turkey, and the United Kingdom."Work" is her fourth international most successful solo single to date, behind "Dilemma", "When Love Takes Over" and "Stole".The music video for "Work" was filmed in Los Angeles, California and was directed by Philip Andelman. The video shows Rowland and her dancers posed in silhouette and shot against backdrops of vivid color and beam lighting. The beam lighting is used throughout the video to create a kaleidoscope effect which is used to break up each scene..comment "Work" is a song recorded by American recording artist Kelly Rowland. It was written by Rowland, Scott Storch and Jason "Poo Bear" Boyd and co-produced by Storch and Boyd for Rowland's second studio album, Ms. Kelly (2007). The full track was leaked on May 31, 2007 onto the internet. Although Columbia Records intended to release "Work" as Ms. Kelly's lead single, "Like This" was eventually chosen as Rowland, who was influenced by the negative feedback the song received from blogs after the leaked snippets, began to think that that "Work" had no commercial potential. English-Irish DJ duo Freemasons later remixed "Work", which, according to Rowland, gave it "new life"..
35/38	==DB== Manual work.
36/38	==DB== Work.released 2015-12-04.artist Marcus Marr and Chet Faker.Work (EP).Work is an extended play (EP) by English DJ Marcus Marr and Australian musician Chet Faker. The EP is the result of four days studio time that resulted from a spontaneous Twitter exchange..comment Work is an extended play (EP) by English DJ Marcus Marr and Australian musician Chet Faker. The EP is the result of four days studio time that resulted from a spontaneous Twitter exchange..
37/38	==DB== Work of art (disambiguation).
38/38	==DB== Works (disambiguation).
===304	make a move	8
1/8	==SS== To take action.
2/8	==DB== Make a Move on Me.producer John Farrar.writer *.length 193.0.bSide "Falling".certification Gold.lastSingle "Physical".nextSingle "Landslide".Make a Move on Me."Make a Move on Me" is a song recorded by Olivia Newton-John for her ninth album Physical . The follow-up single to the huge U.S. number-one hit title track, it was released in January 1982 and peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot 100 that April. It became her twelfth and final single to be certified Gold. In Canada, "Make a Move on Me" reached number four on the pop singles chart, and number two for two weeks on the Adult Contemporary chart. It was blocked from the top spot on that chart by Bertie Higgins' song "Key Largo.".comment "Make a Move on Me" is a song recorded by Olivia Newton-John for her ninth album Physical . The follow-up single to the huge U.S. number-one hit title track, it was released in January 1982 and peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot 100 that April. It became her twelfth and final single to be certified Gold. In Canada, "Make a Move on Me" reached number four on the pop singles chart, and number two for two weeks on the Adult Contemporary chart. It was blocked from the top spot on that chart by Bertie Higgins' song "Key Largo.".
3/8	==DB== Make a Move.producer Ivie Okujaye.starring Tina Mba.starring Wale Adebayo.Make a Move (film).Make a Move is a 2014 Nigerian dance musical film produced by Ivie Okujaye and directed by Niyi Akinmolayan, starring Ivie Okujaye, Tina Mba, Beverly Naya, Wale Adebayo, Victor Godfery, Helga Sosthenes and Eno Ekpenyong, with Special Appearances from Majid Michel, Denrele Edun, 2face Idibia and Omawumi Megbele. Make a Move tells the story of Osas (Ivie Okujaye) and Eseosa who come from troubled homes. Osas finds comfort in dancing and uses it as a means to get away from her many problems including her home, which is falling apart..comment Make a Move is a 2014 Nigerian dance musical film produced by Ivie Okujaye and directed by Niyi Akinmolayan, starring Ivie Okujaye, Tina Mba, Beverly Naya, Wale Adebayo, Victor Godfery, Helga Sosthenes and Eno Ekpenyong, with Special Appearances from Majid Michel, Denrele Edun, 2face Idibia and Omawumi Megbele. Make a Move tells the story of Osas (Ivie Okujaye) and Eseosa who come from troubled homes. Osas finds comfort in dancing and uses it as a means to get away from her many problems including her home, which is falling apart..
4/8	==DB== Make a Move (The Black Seeds song).
5/8	==DB== Wake Up.length 237.0.length 211.0.released 2004-05-03.lastSingle "Last Train Home".nextSingle "Last Summer".Wake Up (Make a Move)."Wake Up (Make a Move)" is the third single from Start Something, the second album by the Welsh rock band Lostprophets. This single was under much debate up to its release; both Lostprophets and their management wanted the dark, brooding "Make a Move" as a single, whereas the label wanted the poppier, catchier "I Don't Know". The band and their management walked away victorious and the song was released as a single with the modified title "Wake Up (Make a Move)". However, "I Don't Know" was later released for radio airplay in the U.S. and made it to #11 in the Modern Rock Charts. A music video was produced for the song and saw moderate airplay upon release..comment "Wake Up (Make a Move)" is the third single from Start Something, the second album by the Welsh rock band Lostprophets. This single was under much debate up to its release; both Lostprophets and their management wanted the dark, brooding "Make a Move" as a single, whereas the label wanted the poppier, catchier "I Don't Know". The band and their management walked away victorious and the song was released as a single with the modified title "Wake Up (Make a Move)". However, "I Don't Know" was later released for radio airplay in the U.S. and made it to #11 in the Modern Rock Charts..
6/8	==DB== Make a Move.producer busbee, Butch Walker, Martin Johnson, Benny Blanco, Ryan Tedder, Kevin Rudolf, Kyle Moorman, Noel Zancanella, RoboPop, DreZa, Julian Emery, Alex Bilo, Jeff Halatrax, Brandon Paddock.length 2329.0.released 2013-10-15.lastAlbum Sweeter.nextAlbum ''Finest Hour: The Best of Gavin DeGraw.Make a Move (album).Make a Move is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Gavin DeGraw. It was released on October 15, 2013 in the United States by RCA Records For the album DeGraw worked with several producers, including busbee, Martin Johnson, Ryan Tedder, Butch Walker, Benny Blanco, and Kevin Rudolf..comment Make a Move is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Gavin DeGraw. It was released on October 15, 2013 in the United States by RCA Records For the album DeGraw worked with several producers, including busbee, Martin Johnson, Ryan Tedder, Butch Walker, Benny Blanco, and Kevin Rudolf..
7/8	==DB== Make a Move.producer Rob Hawkins, Aaron Sprinkle.released 2011-07-05.Make a Move (Icon for Hire song)."Make a Move" is a song by American hard rock band Icon for Hire. It is the first single from their debut album Scripted and, following a few months of radio play, was released to iTunes on July 5, 2011. The song peaked at No. 13 on Billboard's Christian Rock chart..comment "Make a Move" is a song by American hard rock band Icon for Hire. It is the first single from their debut album Scripted and, following a few months of radio play, was released to iTunes on July 5, 2011. The song peaked at No. 13 on Billboard's Christian Rock chart..
8/8	==DB== Make a Move.length 194.0.released 2005-12-04.nextSingle "Anna Molly".Make a Move (Incubus song)."Make a Move" is a single released by alternative rock band Incubus, released from the soundtrack to the film Stealth. The song utilizes a unique melodic structure in that its main guitar and bass riffs are in the key of E minor, while lead vocalist Brandon Boyd's melody is performed in the key of E major, with the notes cleverly placed to prevent the clashing minor third (G) and major third (G#) from occurring simultaneously..comment "Make a Move" is a single released by alternative rock band Incubus, released from the soundtrack to the film Stealth. The song utilizes a unique melodic structure in that its main guitar and bass riffs are in the key of E minor, while lead vocalist Brandon Boyd's melody is performed in the key of E major, with the notes cleverly placed to prevent the clashing minor third (G) and major third (G#) from occurring simultaneously..
===305	take a look	7
1/7	==DB== Take a Look.lastAlbum Aretha Arrives.nextAlbum Lady Soul.Take a Look (Aretha Franklin album).Take a Look was the thirteenth studio album released by Aretha Franklin in 1967. The album was released by Columbia Records. In Europe this album was released by CBS Records, and it was titled Soul, Soul, Soul..comment Take a Look was the thirteenth studio album released by Aretha Franklin in 1967. The album was released by Columbia Records. In Europe this album was released by CBS Records, and it was titled Soul, Soul, Soul..
2/7	==DB== Take a Look.lastSingle "Heaven in My Hands".nextSingle "Tracie".Take a Look (song)."Take a Look" is a single released in 1988 by British band Level 42 from the album Staring at the Sun. It reached #32 on the UK Singles Chart..comment "Take a Look" is a single released in 1988 by British band Level 42 from the album Staring at the Sun. It reached #32 on the UK Singles Chart..
3/7	==DB== Take a Look.Take a Look (Pamela Moore album).Take a Look is Pamela Moore's solo debut album, released under First American Records in 1981. It has only been released on vinyl..comment Take a Look is Pamela Moore's solo debut album, released under First American Records in 1981. It has only been released on vinyl..
4/7	==DB== Take a Look.length 3862.0.released 1993-06-09.nextAlbum Holly & Ivy.Take a Look (Natalie Cole album).Take a Look is a 1993 album by American singer Natalie Cole. Released on June 9, 1993 by Elektra Records, Cole won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance for Take a Look at the 36th Grammy Awards. The single, "Take a Look", peaked at No. 68 on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart, and No. 35 the Adult Contemporary chart in 1993..comment Take a Look is a 1993 album by American singer Natalie Cole. Released on June 9, 1993 by Elektra Records, Cole won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance for Take a Look at the 36th Grammy Awards. The single, "Take a Look", peaked at No. 68 on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart, and No. 35 the Adult Contemporary chart in 1993..
5/7	==DB== runtime 900.0.showName Take a Look.numSeasons 2.firstAired 1955-07-05.lastAired 1956-06-27.followedBy Discoveries.Take a Look (TV series).Take a Look is a Canadian children's historical television series which aired on CBC Television from 1955 to 1956..comment Take a Look is a Canadian children's historical television series which aired on CBC Television from 1955 to 1956..
6/7	==DB== Against All Odds.genre *.producer Mariah Carey.writer Phil Collins.length 205.0.length 203.0.length 192.0.released February 1984.released 1984-03-26.released 2000-06-03.released 2000-09-18.released 2004-12-20.artist Mariah Carey and Westlife.recorded Flyte Tyme Studios, Edina, MA & Capri Digital Studios, Capri, Italy & Rokstone Studios, London, England & Parc Studios, Orlando, FL & Olympic Studios, London, England; December 1999–2000.recorded 2004.format 12.0.format 7.0.bSide "The Search".certification Gold.lastSingle "Fool Again".lastSingle "Like China".lastSingle "Crybaby"/"Can't Take That Away (Mariah's Theme)".nextSingle "Loverboy".nextSingle "My Love".nextSingle "Easy Lover".album Rainbow and Coast to Coast.Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)."Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)" (also titled "Against All Odds") is a song by English drummer, singer and songwriter Phil Collins. It was recorded for the soundtrack to the 1984 film of the same name. It is a power ballad in which its protagonist implores an ex-lover to "take a look at me now", knowing that reconciliation is "against all odds" while considering it worth trying. The single reached number two in the United Kingdom, while it peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States, the first of seven US number ones for Collins in his solo career. The song has been covered by several singers, some versions of which have been successful in both the US and UK markets. The song has twice reached number one in the UK singles chart: the pairing of Mariah Carey and boyband Westlife, in September 2000, and then again by Steve Brookstein, the first winner of The X Factor, in January 2005..comment "Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)" (also titled "Against All Odds") is a song by English drummer, singer and songwriter Phil Collins. It was recorded for the soundtrack to the 1984 film of the same name. It is a power ballad in which its protagonist implores an ex-lover to "take a look at me now", knowing that reconciliation is "against all odds" while considering it worth trying. The single reached number two in the United Kingdom, while it peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States, the first of seven US number ones for Collins in his solo career..
7/7	==SS== To examine or observe.''Can you '''take a look''' at the engine to see what's wrong?'' 
===306	get hurt	2
1/2	==DB== Get Hurt.type EP.released 2007-03-26.nextAlbum Dead Plane.nextAlbum 2007.Get Hurt (EP).Get Hurt is a 12" vinyl EP released by L.A.-based band No Age on Upset the Rhythm on March 26, 2007. It was recorded at the Gaucho Los Angeles studio by Mr. Bermudez. It has six songs and is on sky blue, green, or white vinyl. It is one of five vinyl-only singles and EPs all of which were released on different labels on the same day, March 26, 2007. Song two, "Switches," features David Scott Stone. "Everybody's Down," "Neck Escapah" (as "Neck Escaper"), and "I Wanna Sleep" were all re-released as part of No Age's debut album Weirdo Rippers, which collects the highlights of all 5 singles and EPs..comment Get Hurt is a 12" vinyl EP released by L.A.-based band No Age on Upset the Rhythm on March 26, 2007. It was recorded at the Gaucho Los Angeles studio by Mr. Bermudez. It has six songs and is on sky blue, green, or white vinyl. It is one of five vinyl-only singles and EPs all of which were released on different labels on the same day, March 26, 2007. Song two, "Switches," features David Scott Stone. "Everybody's Down," "Neck Escapah" (as "Neck Escaper"), and "I Wanna Sleep" were all re-released as part of No Age's debut album Weirdo Rippers, which collects the highlights of all 5 singles and EPs..
2/2	==DB== Get Hurt.length 2475.0.released 2014-08-12.lastAlbum The B-Sides.recorded 2014-03-10.Get Hurt (album).Get Hurt is the fifth studio album by American rock band The Gaslight Anthem, released in the UK on August 11, 2014, through Virgin EMI, and in the United States on August 12, 2014, through Island Records. It marks their first album on Island Records, which absorbed the band and its previous label, Mercury Records. Produced by Mike Crossey and inspired by vocalist and guitarist Brian Fallon's divorce from his wife of ten years, the band was influenced by artists whose albums represented "career shifts"..comment Get Hurt is the fifth studio album by American rock band The Gaslight Anthem, released in the UK on August 11, 2014, through Virgin EMI, and in the United States on August 12, 2014, through Island Records. It marks their first album on Island Records, which absorbed the band and its previous label, Mercury Records. Produced by Mike Crossey and inspired by vocalist and guitarist Brian Fallon's divorce from his wife of ten years, the band was influenced by artists whose albums represented "career shifts"..
===307	take a chance	14
1/14	==DB== Take a Chance.lastAlbum Stockton's Wing.recorded Westland Studios, Dublin.Take a Chance (Stockton's Wing album).Take a Chance was the second album from Stockton's Wing. It featured songwriter Mike Hanrahan on vocals. Mike's own compositions featured on the album were the start of the group's move away from the pure traditional music to a more contemporary style which later became their trademark. Maura O'Connell is also featured on backing vocals..comment Take a Chance was the second album from Stockton's Wing. It featured songwriter Mike Hanrahan on vocals. Mike's own compositions featured on the album were the start of the group's move away from the pure traditional music to a more contemporary style which later became their trademark. Maura O'Connell is also featured on backing vocals..
2/14	==DB== runtime 1800.0.showName Take a Chance.numSeasons 5.firstAired 1961-10-09.Take a Chance (Canadian game show).Take a Chance was a Canadian quiz show by Roy Ward Dickson adapted from radio. It was one of the first series on CTV when the network began in 1961. The programme was produced in Toronto at CFTO-TV and was broadcast Mondays at 9:30 PM (EST). Sheila Billing, the Miss Toronto pageant winner of 1955, was a co-host of the programme. On its premiere, Toronto Star television critic Jeremy Brown deemed the show to be "painful to watch" and "dreary", complaining that the programme lacked structure, suspense and substantial prize monies. At one point, 438,000 viewers participated in the contests by submitting chewing gum wrappers as Chiclets was the programme's key sponsor. Take a Chance aired until 1965..comment Take a Chance was a Canadian quiz show by Roy Ward Dickson adapted from radio. It was one of the first series on CTV when the network began in 1961. The programme was produced in Toronto at CFTO-TV and was broadcast Mondays at 9:30 PM (EST). Sheila Billing, the Miss Toronto pageant winner of 1955, was a co-host of the programme. On its premiere, Toronto Star television critic Jeremy Brown deemed the show to be "painful to watch" and "dreary", complaining that the programme lacked structure, suspense and substantial prize monies. Take a Chance aired until 1965..
3/14	==DB== genre game show.runtime 1800.0.showName Take a Chance.Take a Chance (U.S. game show).Take a Chance is an American game show that aired live on NBC on Sunday night from October 1, 1950 to December 24, 1950. The show was hosted by film actor Don Ameche..comment Take a Chance is an American game show that aired live on NBC on Sunday night from October 1, 1950 to December 24, 1950. The show was hosted by film actor Don Ameche..
4/14	==DB== Take a Chance on Me (disambiguation).
5/14	==SS== To risk; to try something risky.''He '''took a chance''' by supporting the unknown artist.'' 
6/14	==DB== Take a Chance.book B. G. De Sylva and Laurence Schwab.Take a Chance (musical).Take a Chance (1932) is a musical with lyrics by B. G. De Sylva and music by Nacio Herb Brown and Richard A. Whiting, with additional songs by Vincent Youmans, and book by De Sylva and Laurence Schwab..comment Take a Chance (1932) is a musical with lyrics by B. G. De Sylva and music by Nacio Herb Brown and Richard A. Whiting, with additional songs by Vincent Youmans, and book by De Sylva and Laurence Schwab..
7/14	==DB== Realize/Take a Chance.length 1320.0.released 2005-08-17.Realize/Take a Chance."Realize/Take a Chance" is the sixth single by melody. under the Toy's Factory label. It was released August 17, 2005. The single stayed on the Oricon for 14 weeks and peaked at number 6. To date, the single has sold 127,869 copies. This is melody.'s best-selling single. It was used as the theme song for the drama Dragon Zakura..comment "Realize/Take a Chance" is the sixth single by melody. under the Toy's Factory label. It was released August 17, 2005. The single stayed on the Oricon for 14 weeks and peaked at number 6. To date, the single has sold 127,869 copies. This is melody.'s best-selling single. It was used as the theme song for the drama Dragon Zakura..
8/14	==DB== Take a Chance.language English intertitles.Take a Chance (1918 film).Take a Chance is a 1918 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd..comment Take a Chance is a 1918 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd..
9/14	==DB== 
10/14	==DB== Take a Chance (Scouting for Girls song).
11/14	==DB== Take a Chance (Ardijah album).
12/14	==DB== Take a Chance.writer D.B. Wyndham-Lewis.writer G.H. Moresby-White.runtime 4380.0.starring Henry Kendall.starring Binnie Hale.starring Enid Stamp-Taylor.Take a Chance (1937 film).Take a Chance is a 1937 British comedy sports film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Claude Hulbert, Binnie Hale and Henry Kendall. It depicts farcical events in the horse racing world..comment Take a Chance is a 1937 British comedy sports film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Claude Hulbert, Binnie Hale and Henry Kendall. It depicts farcical events in the horse racing world..
13/14	==DB== Take a Chance.runtime 5400.0.Take a Chance (2006 film).Take a Chance is a direct-to-video 2006 comedy film directed by John Lyde. It stars Corbin Allred, Kirby Heyborne, Lara Everly, RaeAnn Christensen, Bobby Swenson, David Nibley, Carrie Stringfellow, Frank Gerrish, Sheryl Lee Wilson, and Caitlin Meyer..comment Take a Chance is a direct-to-video 2006 comedy film directed by John Lyde. It stars Corbin Allred, Kirby Heyborne, Lara Everly, RaeAnn Christensen, Bobby Swenson, David Nibley, Carrie Stringfellow, Frank Gerrish, Sheryl Lee Wilson, and Caitlin Meyer..
14/14	==DB== Take a Chance.screenplay Monte Brice.screenplay Laurence Schwab.distributor Paramount Pictures.runtime 4920.0.Take a Chance (1933 film).Take a Chance is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Monte Brice and Laurence Schwab and written by Monte Brice, Buddy G. DeSylva, Laurence Schwab, Sid Silvers and Richard A. Whiting. The film stars James Dunn, June Knight, Lillian Roth, Cliff Edwards, Lilian Bond, Dorothy Lee and Lona Andre. The film was released on October 27, 1933, by Paramount Pictures..comment Take a Chance is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Monte Brice and Laurence Schwab and written by Monte Brice, Buddy G. DeSylva, Laurence Schwab, Sid Silvers and Richard A. Whiting. The film stars James Dunn, June Knight, Lillian Roth, Cliff Edwards, Lilian Bond, Dorothy Lee and Lona Andre. The film was released on October 27, 1933, by Paramount Pictures..
===308	Heavy Weather	5
1/5	==DB== Heavy Weather.producer Joe Zawinul, Jaco Pastorius and Wayne Shorter.length 2259.0.lastAlbum Black Market.nextAlbum Mr. Gone.recorded Late 1976 – Early 1977 at the Devonshire Sound Studios in North Hollywood, California.Heavy Weather (album).Heavy Weather is the eighth album by Weather Report, released in 1977 through Columbia Records. The release originally sold about 500,000 copies; it would prove to be the band's most commercially successful album. Heavy Weather received a 5-star review from Down Beat magazine and went on to be voted jazz album of the year by the readers of that publication. It is the band's second album with bassist Jaco Pastorius. Featuring the jazz standard "Birdland", the album is one of the best-sellers in the Columbia jazz catalog. This opening track was a significant commercial success, something not typical of instrumental music. The melody had been performed live by the band as part of "Dr Honoris Causa", which was from Joe Zawinul's eponymous solo album. Although not mentioned as a live recording in the liner notes, "Rumba Mamá" (a percussion and vocals feature for Manolo Badrena and Alex Acuña) was recorded at the band's concert in Montreux in summer 1976, of which a film would be released on DVD in 2007..comment Heavy Weather is the eighth album by Weather Report, released in 1977 through Columbia Records. The release originally sold about 500,000 copies; it would prove to be the band's most commercially successful album. Heavy Weather received a 5-star review from Down Beat magazine and went on to be voted jazz album of the year by the readers of that publication. It is the band's second album with bassist Jaco Pastorius..
2/5	==DB== Heavy Weather.publisher Little, Brown and Company, Boston.followedBy "The Crime Wave at Blandings" , Uncle Fred in the Springtime.releaseDate 1933-07-28.Heavy Weather (Wodehouse novel).Heavy Weather is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse, first published in the United States on 28 July 1933 by Little, Brown and Company, Boston, and in the United Kingdom on 10 August 1933 by Herbert Jenkins, London. It had been serialised in the Saturday Evening Post from 27 May to 15 July 1933. It is part of the Blandings Castle series of tales, the fourth full-length novel to be set there, and forms a direct sequel to Summer Lightning (1929), with many of the same characters remaining at the castle from the previous story. It also features the re-appearance by Lord Tilbury, who had previously appeared in Bill the Conqueror (1924) and Sam the Sudden (1925)..comment Heavy Weather is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse, first published in the United States on 28 July 1933 by Little, Brown and Company, Boston, and in the United Kingdom on 10 August 1933 by Herbert Jenkins, London. It had been serialised in the Saturday Evening Post from 27 May to 15 July 1933..
3/5	==DB== Heavy Weather (TV film).
4/5	==DB== Heavy Weather.genre Science fiction.publisher Spectra.isbn 0.dewey 813.congress PS3569.T3876 H4 1994.oclc 30075317.mediaType Print.Heavy Weather (Sterling novel).Heavy Weather is a science fiction novel by Bruce Sterling, first published in 1994, about a group of storm chasers in a world where global warming has produced incredibly destructive weather..comment Heavy Weather is a science fiction novel by Bruce Sterling, first published in 1994, about a group of storm chasers in a world where global warming has produced incredibly destructive weather..
5/5	==DB== Heavy Weather (song).
