===0	back door	15
1/15	"Back Door Santa" is a song written by Clarence Carter and Marcus Daniel, and originally performed by Carter. It was released on a compilation album Soul Christmas in 1968. The track is in a 12-bar blues format. The lyrics are sexually suggestive, not having much to do with Christmas as a holiday. Run-D.M.C. sampled the song for "Christmas in Hollis". It was also performed by Bon Jovi and released on the A Very Special Christmas compilation album produced to benefit the Special Olympics. It was replaced on later pressings of with the song "I Wish Every Day Could Be Like Christmas" also performed by Bon Jovi. Bon Jovi later released the track along with two other Christmas themed songs on the single for "Please Come Home for Christmas". In 1987, Brad Delp covered this song on his holiday themed album Christmas Jammin' with Brad Delp. The Australian band Jet has also covered this song. It is available on their Japanese-only Rare Tracks compilation album. In late December 2005, The Black Crowes released a free download version of this song, complete with a horn section. This track can be heard in the films Mission: Impossible III and Jingle All the Way. In 2008, Elliott Yamin included a cover of the song in his Christmas album My Kind of Holiday. The song also appeared on the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother Season 2 Episode 11: "How Lily Stole Christmas", as well as being included on Paul DeGeorge's 2012 Christmas mixtape and the 2013 film Filth. The song features on the 2015 Christmas album release Back Door Santa, Got the Blues for Christmas by the John Verity Band.
2/15	The Back Door, an album by Cherish the Ladies, was released in 1992 on the Green Linnet label.
3/15	A secret means of access to a program or system.
4/15	"Lookin' Out My Back Door" is a song recorded by the American band Creedence Clearwater Revival, also known as CCR. The song was written by the band's lead singer, guitarist, and songwriter, John Fogerty. The song is included on their 1970 album Cosmo's Factory, the group's fifth album, which was also their fifth and final No. 2 Billboard hit. "Lookin' Out My Back Door" was a direct tribute to the Bakersfield Sound, a form of music that influenced Fogerty and the CCR sound. Buck Owens, one of the architects of the Bakersfield Sound, is even mentioned in the song's lyrics.
5/15	A subsidiary entrance to a building or house at its rear, normally away from the street.
6/15	To attempt to accomplish by indirect means, especially when direct means are proscribed.
7/15	a rear side door of a car, or at the back of a van.
8/15	Achieved through indirect means.
9/15	Back Door was a jazz-rock trio, formed in 1971.
10/15	The path of a pitch which starts outside and then slides over the plate.  He has a nasty back door slider.
11/15	To enter a tube by accelerating from behind; to surf into an already formed hollow wave, in contrast to the normal method of slowing to allow a surfable wave to form.
12/15	The Back Door was an anonymous work of invasion literature serialised in Hong Kong newspaper The China Mail from 30 September through 8 October 1897. The work, written in the form of a historical account, describes an imagined Russian and French landing at Hong Kong's Deep Water Bay, followed by shelling of Victoria Peak, a sea battle in the Sulphur Channel between Hong Kong Island and Green Island, and a last stand at Stonecutters Island in which British forces were decisively defeated. The story was intended as a criticism of the lack of British funding for the defence of Hong Kong; fears of invasion were driven by French expansionism in Southeast Asia and increasing Russian influence in Manchuria. It was speculated, but never proven, that members of the Imperial Japanese Army read the book in preparation for the 1941 Battle of Hong Kong, in which Japanese forces overran Hong Kong (via the New Territories, rather than Hong Kong Island) in just 18 days. In terms of its style, it follows the model laid out by George Tomkyns Chesney's The Battle of Dorking, but is noteworthy for its attention to detail, even giving real names of individual soldiers and ships; one reviewer described it as "unique" in its verisimilitude, stating that only William Le Queux's The Invasion of 1910 and Cleveland Moffett's The Conquest of America could compare to it. The Back Door received renewed attention in October 2001, when it was republished by Hong Kong University Press under the title Hong Kong Invaded! A '97 Nightmare. The republished edition, at 328 pages in length, was accompanied by a variety of scholarly discussion; the actual text of The Back Door itself occupied barely one-sixth of the book's length. The title of the republished edition was intended as a form of misdirection and a joke to the reader, evoking fears over the 1997 handover of Hong Kong to the People's Republic of China. Bickley was criticised by one reviewer for the cartoon-like illustrations included with the book, and the fact that she had spent so much time on historical analysis of what was described as a "mediocre piece" of fiction.
13/15	A means of access, often secret and unprotected, to something.
14/15	"Back Door Man" is a blues song written by Willie Dixon and recorded by Howlin' Wolf in 1960. It was released in 1961 by Chess Records as the B-side to Wolf's "Wang Dang Doodle" (catalog no. 1777). The song is considered a classic of Chicago blues.
15/15	The anus, generally used in reference to anal sex.
===1	battle cry	3
1/3	A strong motto or purpose statement, especially in regards to winning a goal in sports, games or work.
2/3	A battle cry is a yell or chant taken up in battle, usually by members of the same combatant group.Battle cries are not necessarily articulate, although they often aim to invoke patriotic or religious sentiment. Their purpose is a combination of arousing aggression and esprit de corps on one's own side and causing intimidation on the hostile side. Battle cries are a universal form of display behaviour (i.e., threat display) aiming at competitive advantage, ideally by overstating one's own aggressive potential to a point where the enemy prefers to avoid confrontation altogether and opts to flee. In order to overstate one's potential for aggression, battle cries need to be as loud as possible, and have historically often been amplified by acoustic devices such as horns, drums, conches, carnyxes, bagpipes, bugles, etc. (see also martial music). Battle cries are closely related to other behavioral patterns of human aggression, such as war dances and taunting, performed during the "warming up" phase preceding the escalation of physical violence. From the Middle Ages, many cries appeared on standards and were adopted as mottoes, an example being the motto "Dieu et mon droit" ("God and my right") of the English kings. It is said that this was Edward III's rallying cry during the Battle of Crécy. The word "slogan" originally derives from sluagh-gairm or sluagh-ghairm (sluagh = "people", "army", and gairm = "call", "proclamation"), the Scottish Gaelic word for "gathering-cry" and in times of war for "battle-cry". The Gaelic word was borrowed into English as slughorn, sluggorne, "slogum", and slogan.
3/3	An exclamation troops yell out when going to war or battle.
===2	control panel	7
1/7	A control panel, in web hosting, is a web-based interface provided by the hosting company that allows customers to manage their various hosted services in a single place. The most famous control panels are cPanel, Plesk Panel and DirectAdmin. Some of the commonly available modules in most control panels:  *  Access to server logs.  *  Details of available and used webspace and bandwidth.  *  Email account configuration.  *  Maintaining FTP users’ accounts.  *  Managing database.  *  Visitor statistics using web log analysis software.  *  Web-based file manager.
2/7	A computer display offering a number of controls or options.
3/7	The Control Panel is a part of the Microsoft Windows, in older versions, which allows users to view and manipulate basic system settings and controls via applets, such as adding hardware, adding and removing software, controlling user accounts, and changing accessibility options. Additional applets can be provided by third party software. The Control Panel has been an inherent part of the Microsoft Windows operating system since Windows 2.0, with many of the current applets being added in later versions. Beginning with Windows 95, the Control Panel is implemented as a special folder, i.e. the folder does not physically exist, but only contains shortcuts to various applets such as Add or Remove Programs and Internet Options. Physically, these applets are stored as .cpl files. For example, the Add or Remove Programs applet is stored under the name appwiz.cpl in the SYSTEM32 folder. In recent versions of Windows, the Control Panel has two views, Classic View and Category View, and it is possible to switch between these through an option that appears on either the left side or top of the window. Many of the individual Control Panel applets can be accessed in other ways. For instance, Display Properties can be accessed by right-clicking on an empty area of the desktop and choosing Properties. The classic view consists of shortcuts to the various control panel applets, usually without any description (other than the name). The categories are seen if the user use "Details" view. The category view consists of categories, which when clicked on display the control panel applets related to the category. In Windows Vista, the category used applets below the name of the category. The Control Panel can be accessed quickly by typing control in the Run dialog box (⊞ Win+R). On Windows 10, Control Panel is partially deprecated in favor of Settings app, which was originally introduced on Windows 8 as "PC Settings" to provide a touchscreen-optimized settings area using its Metro-style app platform. Some functions, particularly the ability to add and remove user accounts, were moved exclusively to this app on Windows 8 and cannot be performed from Control Panel.
4/7	The part of a system that the user can access, as the control panel of a security system, also called control unit.
5/7	Many computer user interfaces use a control panel metaphor to give the user control of software and hardware features. The control panel consists of multiple settings including display settings, network settings, user account settings and hardware settings. Some control panels require the user to have admin rights or root access.
6/7	They are found in factories to monitor and control machines or production lines and in places such as nuclear power plants, ships, aircraft and mainframe computers. Older control panels are most often equipped with push buttons and analog instruments, whereas nowadays in many cases touchscreens are used for monitoring and control purposes.
7/7	A flat, usually vertical surface onto which controls, instruments, and displays are mounted.
===3	dog meat	4
1/4	The depersonalized, debased remains of a person.  "Did you just step on my blue suede shoes? You're dog meat now!"
2/4	Meat from a dog eaten as food.
3/4	Meat prepared to be given to a dog as food.
4/4	(This article is about human consumption of dog flesh and parts. For meat eaten by dogs themselves, see dog food. For the character in the Fallout series of video games, see Dogmeat.) Dog meat is the flesh and other edible parts derived from dogs. Historically, human consumption of dog meat has been recorded in many parts of the world, including East and Southeast Asia, West Africa, Europe, Oceania and the Americas. In the 21st century, dog meat is consumed in many parts of China, Korea, Vietnam, and Switzerland, as well as other parts of Europe, the Americas, and in the African continent, such as Cameroon, Ghana and Liberia. Today, a number of cultures view the consumption of dog meat to be a part of their traditional and day-to-day cuisine, while others – such as Western culture – consider consumption of dog to be a taboo, although they have been consumed in times of war and/or other hardships. It was estimated in 2014 that worldwide, 25 million dogs are eaten each year by humans.
===4	gold rush	4
1/4	A cocktail made from bourbon, honey, and lemon juice.
2/4	The urge to win gold medals, as in the Olympic Games.
3/4	A gold rush is a new discovery of gold that brings an onrush of miners seeking their fortune. Major gold rushes took place in the 19th century in Australia, New Zealand, Brazil, Canada, South Africa, and the United States, while smaller gold rushes took place elsewhere. The wealth that resulted was distributed widely because of reduced migration costs and low barriers to entry. While gold mining itself was unprofitable for most diggers and mine owners, some people made large fortunes, and the merchants and transportation facilities made large profits. The resulting increase in the world's gold supply stimulated global trade and investment. Historians have written extensively about the migration, trade, colonization, and environmental history associated with gold rushes. Gold rushes were typically marked by a general buoyant feeling of a "free for all" in income mobility, in which any single individual might become abundantly wealthy almost instantly, as expressed in the California Dream. Gold rushes helped spur a huge immigration that often led to permanent settlement of new regions. Activities propelled by gold rushes define significant aspects of the culture of the Australian and North American frontiers. At a time when the world's money supply was based on gold, the newly mined gold provided economic stimulus far beyond the gold fields. Gold rushes extend back as far as gold mining, to the Roman Empire, whose gold mining was described by Diodorus Siculus and Pliny the Elder, and probably further back to Ancient Egypt.
4/4	Any period of feverish migration into an area in which gold has been discovered.
===5	ground floor	3
1/3	Ground Floor was an American comedy series created by Bill Lawrence and Greg Malins, that aired from November 14, 2013, through February 10, 2015, on TBS. The series stars Skylar Astin, Briga Heelan, Rory Scovel and John C. McGinley, and followed Brody, a successful banker who falls for Jenny, an intelligent maintenance supervisor, who works in the same building. Following earlier reports, the show was announced to have been officially cancelled on February 13, 2015, despite positive reviews.
2/3	The floor of a building closest to ground level; what is also known by some American English speakers as the first floor
3/3	The initial stage of a project
===6	blood sugar	4
1/4	The blood sugar concentration or blood glucose level is the amount of glucose (sugar) present in the blood of a human or animal. The body naturally tightly regulates blood glucose levels as a part of metabolic homeostasis. With some exceptions, glucose is the primary source of energy for the body's cells, and blood lipids (in the form of fats and oils) are primarily a compact energy store. Glucose is transported from the intestines or liver to body cells via the bloodstream, and is made available for cell absorption via the hormone insulin, produced by the body primarily in the pancreas. Glucose levels are usually lowest in the morning, before the first meal of the day (termed "the fasting level"), and rise after meals for an hour or two by a few millimolar. Blood sugar levels outside the normal range may be an indicator of a medical condition. A persistently high level is referred to as hyperglycemia; low levels are referred to as hypoglycemia. Diabetes mellitus is characterized by persistent hyperglycemia from any of several causes, and is the most prominent disease related to failure of blood sugar regulation. Intake of alcohol causes an initial surge in blood sugar, and later tends to cause levels to fall. Also, certain drugs can increase or decrease glucose levels.
2/4	"Blood Sugar" is a single by Australian Drum & Bass band, Pendulum, released on 18 June 2007 in the United Kingdom. It was the band's final single with the Breakbeat Kaos label, and was released in 12" vinyl. Both tracks were later added to the 2007 reissue of the group's debut album, Hold Your Colour, due to their popularity. "Axle Grinder" contains samples from the United States TV show, The Twilight Zone.
3/4	The amount of glucose in a person's blood.
4/4	Glucose in the blood.
===7	green card	4
1/4	Green card was the abbreviated name given to the IBM/360 Reference data card that served as the shorthand "bible" for programmers during the late 1960s and 1970s. It rapidly became an icon of the 360 era of programming and was later replaced by the "yellow card". The same concept was also later used for an "orange card" for CICS application programming - that showed some internal CICS data structures and their relationships.
2/4	Green Card is a 1990 romantic comedy film written, produced, directed by Peter Weir and starring Gérard Depardieu and Andie MacDowell. The screenplay focuses on an American woman who enters into a marriage of convenience with a Frenchman so he can obtain a green card and remain in the United States. Depardieu won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor. The film won the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
3/4	A US work permit, officially known as United States Permanent Resident Card.
4/4	A warning card, given to a player for an infraction of the rules. A further infraction may warrant a yellow card or red card.
===8	make love	9
1/9	"Making Love" is a 1982 song written by Burt Bacharach, Bruce Roberts, and Carole Bayer Sager, and recorded by Roberta Flack. It served as the theme song to the film of the same name. It also appeared on Flack's album I'm the One. It charted #13 Pop and #29 R&B and was her last Top 40 hit as a solo artist.
2/9	==DB== Making Love... The Very Best of Air Supply.
3/9	Making Love is an album by Atom and His Package, composed of B-sides, EP exclusives, and rarities originating from various artist compilations.
4/9	(For other uses, see Making Love (disambiguation).) "Make Love" is a song performed by American recording artist and songwriter Keri Hilson. It was written by Jamal "Polow da Don" Jones, Ester Dean and Jason Perry, and produced by Polow da Don and Perry for Hilson's debut studio album, In a Perfect World... (2009). The song was sent for urban adult contemporary airplay on June 23, 2009 as the fifth single from the album. Musically, "Make Love" is a downtempo R&B ballad. The song received mixed reviews from music critics; some of them criticized its long length and Hilson's vocals, while others named it one of the album's standouts. After being sent out for radio airplay, "Make Love" reached number ten on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart, but received no direct promotion. However, three months prior to the single's release, a music video for the song, directed by Matt Barnes, was released and served as a viral commercial for In a Perfect World... The clip features rapper Kanye West, who appears on the album's previous single, "Knock You Down".
5/9	"Making Love Out of Nothing At All" is a power ballad written and composed by Jim Steinman and first released by Australian soft rock band Air Supply for their 1983 compilation album Greatest Hits. It reached number 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 (blocked by "Total Eclipse of the Heart" by Bonnie Tyler for 3 weeks, giving Steinman a consecutive peak of two songs). The song has been covered by many other artists, the most successful being that of Bonnie Tyler.
6/9	To make amorous approaches ; to woo, romance, court.
7/9	Making Love is a 1982 American film. It tells the story of a married man coming to terms with his homosexuality and the love triangle that develops around him, his wife and another man. It stars Kate Jackson, Harry Hamlin and Michael Ontkean.
8/9	==DB== Making Love - A Conspiracy of the Heart.
9/9	To engage in sexual intercourse.
===9	front line	21
1/21	A front, or a boundary between opposing positions.
2/21	A front line (alternative forms: front-line or frontline) in military terminology is the position(s) closest to the area of conflict of an armed force's personnel and equipment, generally referring to maritime or land forces. When a front (an intentional or unintentional boundary) between opposing sides form, the front line is the area where the armies are engaged in conflict, especially the line of contact between the opposing forces. In a military conflict, then, when facing the front line, you face the enemy. All branches of the U.S. armed services use the related technical terms, Forward Line of Own Troops (FLOT) and Forward Edge of Battle Area (FEBA). These terms are used as battlespace control measures that designate the forward-most friendly maritime or land forces on the battlefield at a given point in time during an armed conflict. FLOT/FEBA may include covering and screening forces. The Forward Line of Enemy Troops (FLET) is the FEBA from the enemy's perspective.
3/21	Operation Front Line is an initiative of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), a division of the Department of Homeland Security, that operated in the months leading up to the 2004 presidential election and through the 2005 Presidential Inauguration.
4/21	Front Line was a reggae subsidiary of Virgin Records established in 1978. Over forty albums were issued on the label before it folded in 1979.
5/21	Civil War: Front Line is an 11-issue, limited series tie-in to Marvel Comics's Civil War event which started in August 2006. Part of the story is told from the perspective of two reporters embedded in the opposite camps of the war. Ben Urich follows the stories on Iron Man's side with the pro-registration heroes, while Sally Floyd investigates the anti-registration faction headed by Captain America. Writer Paul Jenkins was given carte blanche to have the stories reflect the current political landscape in the United States. The other half of the series is told from the perspective of Speedball of the New Warriors. It shows Speedball's struggles with survivor guilt, imprisonment, and relations to the victims of the Stamford disaster.
6/21	The site of interaction with outsiders, such as customers.
7/21	The Front Line (Hangul: 고지전; RR: Gojijeon; MR: Kojijŏn; also known as Battle of Highlands) is a 2011 South Korean war film directed by Jang Hoon, set during the 1953 ceasefire of the Korean War. This is the third film by director Jang Hoon, after completing Secret Reunion and Rough Cut. It was selected as South Korea's submission to the 84th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not make the final shortlist. It also won four Grand Bell Awards, including Best Film.
8/21	Front Line is a weekly English radio program produced by China Radio International discussing about life in modern China. The flavor of the program is much like NPR's Morning Edition and All Things Considered. The program combines news, analysis, commentary, interviews, and special features, but from a Chinese perspective. The program airs on Round the Clock and is available on the podcasts through the World Radio Network on the Monday edition in the United States, Tuesday edition in Beijing. The host of Front Line is Wu Jia.
9/21	A low level.
10/21	Front Line (フロントライン Furonto Rain) is a military-themed run & gun shooter game released by Taito for arcades in 1982. It was one of the first video games to feature a ground combat theme and grenades. Military-oriented video games of the early 1980s usually involved vehicular combat, such as tanks, but did not include infantry. The original arcade version of Front Line consists of a joystick, a single button, and a rotary dial that can be pushed in like a button. The single button is used to throw grenades and to enter and exit tanks, while the rotary dial controls and fires the player's gun. 1985's Ikari Warriors follows the conventions established by Front Line, including the vertically scrolling levels, entering/exiting tanks, and not dying when an occupied tank is destroyed.
11/21	Front Line (Greek: Πρώτη Γραμμή, Proti Grammi) was a Greek nationalist party, formed in 1999. The party was headed by lawyer, historian, and nationalist thinker Konstantinos Plevris. Front Line participated in the 1999 European Parliament elections (sharing a slate with the nationalist Golden Dawn party), obtaining 48,532 votes or 0.75 percent of the vote. In the Greek general election of 2000, it took 12,125 votes, or 0.18 percent of the poll. Apart from Plevris, electoral candidates for the party have included: (in 1999) Panayiota Adonopoulou (Παναγιώτα Αντωνοπούλου), Nikolaos Michaloliakos (Νικόλαος Μιχαλολιάκος), and Michail Arvanitis-Avramis (Μιχαήλ Αρβανίτης-Αβράμης). The party is dissolved . Many of its former members have joined the Popular Orthodox Rally, and others participated in the foundation of Patriotic Alliance.
12/21	The Front Line was a 1984/1985 BBC sitcom about two half-brothers of West Indian descent who shared a house, one brother a policeman and one a dreadlocked Rastafarian. The series starred Paul Barber as the elder, policeman brother Malcolm, and Alan Igbon as the younger brother Sheldon. It was written by Alex Shearer, filmed in Bristol and Cardiff, and transmitted between 6 December 1984 and 17 January 1985. A pilot for the series, On The Frontline, was broadcast in the 1970s. The theme tune to the series was written and performed by Black Roots, and the opening credits of the show featured the band performing the song.
13/21	Front Lines is a young adult historical novel by the American writer Michael Grant, who is most famous for his dystopian young adult fictional series The Gone Series. It is written from the viewpoint of three girls, Rio Richlin, Frangie Marr, and Rainy Schulterman. The series was originally titled Soldier Girls.
14/21	"Front Line" is a 1983 song by Stevie Wonder, off his greatest hits compilation Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I. The song is sung from the perspective of a Vietnam War veteran. The song begins with a funky, distorted guitar riff which continues throughout the song. The protagonist tells the story of how he volunteered to go to Vietnam in 1964 at age sixteen, despite being raised to never kill anyone. After losing his leg, he is sent home with a Purple Heart. Now speaking about the present, he talks of how his niece is a prostitute, and his nephew is a drug addict, both of whom insist he has no right to tell them they are wrong in their ways. He reads in the newspaper that another war is on its way, and he remembers the 'many happy families that have been ruined.'
15/21	A site of a conflict, effort, or controversial matter of any kind.
16/21	Front Line Defenders or The International Foundation for the Protection of Human Rights Defenders is an Irish-based human rights organisation founded in Dublin, Ireland in 2001 to protect human rights defenders at risk, i.e. those who work non-violently to uphold the human rights of others as outlined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The organisation was founded by Mary Lawlor, former director of the Irish Section of Amnesty International with a US $3 million donation from businessman and philanthropist Denis O'Brien. Front Line Defenders has Special Consultative Status with the Social and Economic Council of the United Nations, and has Observer Status with the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights. In 2006 Front Line Defenders established a European Union office in Brussels. Front Line Defenders received the King Baudouin International Development Prize in 2007. On 3 July 2014 Mary Lawlor was presented with the Order of Chevalier of the Legion of Honour by French Ambassador to Ireland, Mr Jean-Pierre Thebault, on behalf of the French government.
17/21	The Front Line (Italian: La prima linea) is a 2009 Italian crime-drama film written and directed by Renato De Maria. It is based on the memoirs of the Prima Linea terrorist Sergio Segio.
18/21	Front Line is a 1981 Australian documentary film directed by David Bradbury. It follows the career of Tasmanian-born combat cameraman Neil Davis, particularly his time in South Vietnam and Cambodia in the late 1960s and early 1970s. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
19/21	The TNA Front Line (also spelled Frontline and commonly referred to as The Front Line) was a heroic alliance in the professional wrestling promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). They were also known as The TNA Originals. They feuded with The Main Event Mafia.
20/21	attack, collectively the attackers or forwards.
21/21	The Front Line is a 2006 Irish crime drama film directed by David Gleeson. The plot revolves around a Congolese immigrant working in a bank in Dublin city whose family is kidnapped by a gang of criminals who force him to be the inside man on their robbery of the bank.
===10	car wash	7
1/7	Car Wash is a 1976 American comedy film released by Universal Pictures. The Art Linson Production was directed by Michael Schultz from a screenplay by Joel Schumacher. Starring Franklyn Ajaye, Bill Duke, George Carlin, Irwin Corey, Ivan Dixon, Antonio Fargas, Jack Kehoe, Clarence Muse, Lorraine Gary, The Pointer Sisters, and Richard Pryor, Car Wash is an episodic comedy about a day in the lives of the employees and the owner, Mr. B (Sully Boyar), of a Los Angeles, California car wash (filmed at a Westlake car wash at the corner of Rampart Blvd. and 6th St.).
2/7	A car wash (also written as "carwash") or auto wash is a facility used to clean the exterior and, in some cases, the interior of motor vehicles. Car washes can be self-serve, fully automated, or full-service with attendants who wash the vehicle.
3/7	An event at which people (often children) wash cars, often for a small fee or donation
4/7	A place at which a car is washed, usually for a fee and often mechanically by driving the car through a tunnel.  I'm gong to take the car to the car wash.
5/7	An instance of washing a car, especially such a place.  I'm gong to take the car in for a car wash.
6/7	Car Wash is a soundtrack double album released by the Funk band Rose Royce on the MCA label in September 1976. It was produced by Norman Whitfield. It is the soundtrack/film score to the 1976 hit comedy Car Wash that featured Richard Pryor and George Carlin and is also the debut album for Rose Royce.
7/7	"Car Wash" is a hit R&B song performed by Rose Royce and written and produced by Norman Whitfield. It was the group's debut single and one of the most notable successes of the disco era. "Car Wash", the theme of the 1976 film Car Wash, was Rose Royce's most successful hit single and the lead single from their first album, the Car Wash soundtrack. Reaching number one in the United States on the Billboard pop and R&B charts, "Car Wash" also peaked at number three on the disco charts and reached number nine in the UK singles chart in February 1977. The song was later covered in 2004 by Christina Aguilera and Missy Elliott, who released their version as the single for the Shark Tale soundtrack.
===11	death sentence	8
1/8	Anything that spells death.  Having the Huntington's gene is a death sentence.
2/8	Capital punishment, also known as the death penalty, is a government sanctioned practice whereby a person is put to death by the state as a punishment for a crime. The sentence that someone be punished in such a manner is referred to as a death sentence, whereas the act of carrying out the sentence is known as an execution. Crimes that can result in a death penalty are known as capital crimes or capital offences. The term capital is derived from the Latin capitalis ("of the head", referring to execution by beheading). Fifty-eight countries retain capital punishment, 102 countries have completely abolished it de jure for all crimes, six have abolished it for ordinary crimes (while maintaining it for special circumstances such as war crimes), and 32 are abolitionist in practice. Capital punishment is a matter of active controversy in various countries and states, and positions can vary within a single political ideology or cultural region. In the European Union, Article 2 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union prohibits the use of capital punishment. Also, the Council of Europe, which has 47 member states, prohibits the use of the death penalty by its members. The United Nations General Assembly has adopted, in 2007, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2014 non-binding resolutions calling for a global moratorium on executions, with a view to eventual abolition. Although most nations have abolished capital punishment, over 60% of the world's population live in countries where executions take place, such as China, India, the United States and Indonesia.
3/8	Continuing six months after Death Wish left off, Paul Benjamin has moved from New York to Chicago after his catatonic daughter died in an institution, a result of the brutal attack that changed Paul Benjamin into a vigilante. Paul resumes his private violent war as he stalks criminals in the streets of Chicago. The only thing that may distract him from his crusade is a beautiful woman he starts cordially dating in his new life. And as Paul ends up having a double life, a copycat vigilante is out in the streets violently killing off criminals just like Paul. What's worse is that vigilantism soon begins to become a cry of publicity as the police have to look for their man before innocent people start dying out of injustice. Paul is not only after criminals or justice anymore, but he's also looking for a man who is as equally as dangerous as the vigilante he has become.
4/8	"Death Sentence" is a short story by the American science-fiction writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the November 1943 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov.
5/8	==DB==
6/8	Death Sentence is a 2007 American action drama film loosely based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Brian Garfield. Directed by Saw director James Wan, the film stars Kevin Bacon as Nick Hume, a man who takes the law into his own hands after his son is murdered by a gang as an initiation ritual. Hume must protect his family from the gang's resulting vengeance. The film premiered on August 31, 2007, and was released on DVD on January 8, 2008.
7/8	A decree that someone be put to death as a punishment for a crime, a sentence of execution.
8/8	Death Sentence (Italian: Sentenza di morte) is a 1968 spaghetti western directed by Mario Lanfranchi and starring Richard Conte.
===12	fallen angel	39
1/39	==DB== Fallen Angel (Robbie Robertson song).
2/39	Fallen Angels is a 1984 punk album by the band Fallen Angels, a project of Knox of The Vibrators and members of Hanoi Rocks; Nasty Suicide, Sam Yaffa, Razzle, Mike Monroe, Andy McCoy.
3/39	Fallen Angels is the thirty-seventh studio album by Bob Dylan, released by Columbia Records on May 20, 2016. The album features covers of twelve classic American songs chosen by Dylan from a diverse array of writers such as Johnny Mercer, Harold Arlen, Sammy Cahn and Carolyn Leigh. Much like the album's predecessor, Shadows in the Night, every song on the album, except for "Skylark", was once recorded by Frank Sinatra. The album has received generally favorable reviews from critics, with particular praise for Dylan's vocal performance, production quality, and the arrangements of his band.
4/39	The Fallen Angels (堕落天使 Daraku Tenshi) is a 1998 2D versus fighting arcade game developed by the Steel Hearts development team and published by Psikyo. It is Psikyo's second attempt in the 2D versus fighting genre after Battle K-Road. Information about the game's development and fate are scarce, though it is widely reported that it was released without being completely developed. The sprites for 4 unplayable characters have been found in the ROMs of the game. The developers of the game then reportedly moved back to SNK, supported by the observation that many of the characters bear striking resemblances to fighters that later appeared in SNK's The King of Fighters series and Garou: Mark of the Wolves. Game director Mitsuo Kodama was a designer on some SNK titles, including The King of Fighters '99, and has been a founding and active member of K2 LLC. In The King of Fighters '99, the boss character Krizalid's theme is titled "Dear Falling Angel".
5/39	Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television is a 1993 anthology, published by Grove Press as a tie-in to the Showtime television series Fallen Angels that appeared in the fall of 1993. The book contains six stories by six masters of hard-boiled noir and the teleplays for their film adaptations. The hard-boiled stories were written by: Raymond Chandler, Jim Thompson, William Campbell Gault, Cornell Woolrich, Jonathan Craig and James Ellroy. Preface: by James Ellroy.
6/39	Sacred 2: Fallen Angel is an action role-playing game. It is the second full game in the Sacred video game series. It is a prequel which takes place 2,000 years before the events of Sacred. Like its predecessor, the game takes place in a fantasy setting. A new game engine allows the game to be rendered in perspective correct 3D, while retaining the viewpoint found in older isometric games. Video game designer Bob Bates has been involved in its production. Power metal band Blind Guardian wrote the song "Sacred Worlds" as the theme for the game and also make an appearance as characters. The PC version was released in late 2008, the console versions were delayed until 2009 with the discs being pressed in April 2009 for a May release, in April the developer, Ascaron, went into administration citing the extended development as the reason. An add-on titled Ice & Blood was released October 2 for European PC players only. Support for the US PC version has been taken over by Deep Silver, though all support for current and future expansions and console versions in the US has been dropped.
7/39	A (usually attractive) person, usually a woman, who has become deprived of money or morals.
8/39	"Fallen Angels" is the third single by the American rock band, Black Veil Brides, and the first single from their second album Set the World on Fire. The song is inspired by the biblical story told in the Book of Revelation, Chapter 12, in which Satan and one-third of God's angels rebelled against God, starting a war in Heaven and were therefore cast out of Heaven to the earth, becoming "fallen angels." The story was introduced to Andy Biersack and the Black Veil Brides by their band artist Richard Villa:
9/39	Fallen Angels is the thirteenth studio album by English heavy metal band Venom. It was released by Spinefarm/Universal on 28 November 2011.
10/39	Fallen Angel is a 2003 film. When his father dies, Terry (Gary Sinese) returns to the house where he grew up, planning to stay only long enough to clean and settle the estate. Yet something indescribable keeps him there longer than expected. Soon, he is reunited with memories and people from his past and his life is changed forever.
11/39	==DB== Fallen Angel (Xena episode).
12/39	A fallen angel is a wicked or rebellious angel that has been cast out of heaven. The term "fallen angel" does not appear in the Bible, but it is used of angels who sinned (such as those referred to in 2 Peter 2:4, "For if God did not spare angels when they sinned, but cast them into hell and committed them to chains of gloomy darkness to be kept until the judgment ..."), of angels cast down to the earth in the War in Heaven, of Satan, demons, or of certain Watchers. The term has become popular in fictional literature regarding angels. Mention of angels who descended to Mount Hermon (not "fell" to Earth) is found in the Book of Enoch, which the Ethiopian Orthodox Church and Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church accept as canonical, as well as in various pseudepigrapha.
13/39	==DB== The Fallen Angel (2010 film).
14/39	Fallen Angels (Norwegian: Varg Veum: Falne engler) is a 2008 film directed by Morten Tyldum. It was nominated for numerous Amanda Awards in 2008. It is the fourth film in the Varg Veum series.
15/39	Fallen Angel (simplified Chinese: 天使的烙印) is a Mandarin Chinese episodic drama produced jointly by Singaporean broadcaster MediaCorp TV and Malaysian broadcaster Media Prima Berhad. It was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8. It made its debut on 6 July 2007 and ended on 30 August 2007. This drama serial consists of 25 episodes, and was screened on every weekend night at 7:00 pm to 9:00 pm. It was the first joint production between the two companies, and is a remake of Television Corporation of Singapore (now MediaCorp) drama Wings Of Desire.
16/39	==DB== Fallen Angel (Wilkins novel).
17/39	an angel who rebelled against God and was exiled from heaven.
18/39	A bond that has declined in value due to credit deterioration to become a junk bond.
19/39	Fallen Angel is the 12th album released by British rock band Uriah Heep in 1978.The ever-evolving story of Uriah Heep found them exploring a more commercial vein than usual on this 1978 release. Fallen Angel reached No. 186 in the US but in Germany the band was at the height of their popularity.
20/39	Fallen Angel is a 1945 black-and-white film noir directed by Otto Preminger, with cinematography by Joseph LaShelle, who had also worked with Preminger on Laura a year before. The film features Alice Faye, Dana Andrews, Linda Darnell, and Charles Bickford. It was the last film Faye made as a major Hollywood star, and she did not make another film until State Fair (1962).
21/39	==DB== The Fallen Angel (Daniel Silva novel).
22/39	Fallen Angels is an Australian television series, aired by the ABC in 1997. Twenty episodes were produced, portraying a community legal centre in Endeavour Park, a fictional western suburb of Sydney, and the interesting clients represented by its overworked lawyers.
23/39	Fallen Angels is an American neo-noir anthology television series that ran from 1993 to 1995 on the Showtime pay cable station and was produced by Propaganda Films. No first-run episodes were shown in 1994. The series was executive produced by Sydney Pollack and produced by Steve Golin and others. The theme song was written by Elmer Bernstein and the original music was written by Peter Bernstein. Period torch songs by performers like Patti Page and Billie Holiday were used periodically. In Europe, the show is known as Perfect Crimes and shown in France on Canal +, and in England.
24/39	Fallen Angels is a 1988 young-adult novel written by Walter Dean Myers, about the Vietnam War. It won the 1988 Coretta Scott King Award. Fallen Angels is listed as number 16 in the American Library Association's list of 100 most frequently challenged books of 1990–2000 due to its use of profanity and realistic depiction of the war.
25/39	The Fallen Angel is a gin cocktail. The ingredients include gin, green creme de menthe, Angostura bitters and lemon or lime juice.
26/39	Fallen Angels is a 1995 Hong Kong drama film written and directed by Wong Kar-wai, starring Leon Lai, Michelle Reis, Takeshi Kaneshiro, Charlie Yeung, and Karen Mok. Fallen Angels can be seen as a companion piece to Chungking Express. It was originally conceived as the third story for Chungking Express, but Fallen Angels can be considered a spiritual sequel due to similar themes, locations and methods of filming, while one of the main characters lives in the Chungking Mansions and works at the Midnight Express food stall.
27/39	==DB== Phil May & the Fallen Angels.
28/39	Fallen Angels is a comedy by the English playwright Noël Coward. It opened at the Globe Theatre, London (now called the Gielgud Theatre) on 21 April 1925 and ran until 29 August. The central theme of two wives admitting to premarital sex and contemplating adultery met hostility from the office of the official theatre censor, the Lord Chamberlain, and the necessary licence was granted only after the personal intervention of the Chamberlain.
29/39	Fallen Angels (1991) is a science fiction novel by American science fiction authors Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle, and Michael Flynn published by Jim Baen. The winner of 1992 Prometheus Award, the novel was written as a tribute to science fiction fandom, and includes many of its well-known figures, legends, and practices. It also champions modern technology and heaps scorn upon its critics - budget cutting politicians, fringe environmentalists and the forces of ignorance. An ebook of this text was among the first released by the Baen Free Library. The novel takes aim at several targets of ridicule: Senator William Proxmire, radical environmentalists and mystics, such as one character who believes that one cannot freeze to death in the snow because ice is a crystal and "crystals are healing." It also mocks ignorance in journalism, which greatly helps the main characters (for example, one "expert" cited in a news article believes that the astronauts must have superhuman strength, based on a photograph of a weightless astronaut easily handling heavy construction equipment) and the non-scientific world in general. Several real people are tuckerized into the book in a more positive light, including many fans who made donations to charity for that express purpose and a character called "RMS" (presumably Richard M. Stallman) who leads a network of hackers called the Legion of Doom, connected by a series of BBS systems.
30/39	Fallen Angel is an American fictional comic book heroine created and owned by writer Peter David and artist David López, who appears in her self-titled monthly series. It was published by DC Comics from July 2003 until it was canceled with issue #20 in May 2005 because of low sales. It resumed publication through IDW Publishing in December 2005, and ran for 33 issues. It has since been followed by two mini-series, Fallen Angel: Reborn and Fallen Angel: Return of the Son. While not completely without humor, it is a very dark book with morally ambiguous characters. It was also one of the few "mature readers" books that DC published outside of its Vertigo imprint and was created to serve as a "bridge" between the general-audience DC titles and its Vertigo titles. The first series was illustrated in the typical pen-and-ink method of the comic book industry by penciller David López and inker Fernando Blanco. The first five-issue arc of the second series was painted by J. K. Woodward, though both Woodward and guest artists have utilized the traditional pen-and-ink method since then.
31/39	"Fallen Angel" is a song by progressive rock band King Crimson, the second track on their album Red. The verse is in 4/4 time with the chorus in 3/4. The song is about a boy who gets his younger brother to join in the Hells Angels with him, and eventually watches him die in a fight in New York City, New York. "Fallen Angel" is the last King Crimson recording to date to feature Robert Fripp playing acoustic guitar. On subsequent recordings, he has played only electric guitar. The song began as part of an extended instrumental improvisatory piece performed by the original 1972–74 line-up with Jamie Muir and David Cross. A version of this early piece, also titled "Improv: Fallen Angel" can be heard on the King Crimson Collectors' Club release "Live at the Zoom Club October 1972". There is also a performance of "Improv: Fallen Angel Hullabaloo" on CD5 of the 2012 Larks' Tongues in Aspic box set - "Hull Technical College - November 10, 1972".
32/39	==DB== Fallen Angels (Hanoi Rocks album).
33/39	==DB==
34/39	Fallen Angel is an ITV crime drama series, first broadcast on 11 March 2007, which is based on the Roth Trilogy of novels by Andrew Taylor. It tells the story of Rosie Byfield, a clergyman's daughter, who grows up to be a psychopathic killer. It has an unusual narrative that moves backwards in time as it uncovers the layers of Rosie's past. Starring Charles Dance and Emilia Fox, the series was subtitled The Making of a Murderer for the DVD release, which followed on 19 March.
35/39	Fallen Angels is a team of fictional comic book superhuman teenagers in the Marvel Comics universe. A spin-off of The New Mutants, the series starred Sunspot and Warlock along with the character Boom-Boom from X-Factor, along with several additional characters, many of whom were obscure Marvel figures. The team's only appearances were in the Fallen Angels eight-issue limited series, written by Jo Duffy, which ran from April 1987 to November 1987. The series was originally titled Misfits. Early ads and solicitations for the series showed this title shortly before it was released. A second mini-series was planned but never published.
36/39	"Fallen Angel" is the second single from Open Up and Say...Ahh!, American glam metal band Poison's second studio album. The b-side of the seven inch was "Bad to Be Good".
37/39	Fallen angel is an extended play by the American hardcore punk band 25 ta Life, which was released on May 23, 2006. It is also available on blue vinyl 12", which was limited to 500 copies. This record was dedicated to Achilleas "Archie" Kalafatis. SIB stands for Strong Island Boys.
38/39	"Fallen Angel" is the tenth episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files. It premiered on the Fox network on November 19, 1993. It was written by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa, and directed by Larry Shaw. The episode featured the first of three guest appearances by Scott Bellis as Max Fenig, and saw Jerry Hardin reprise his role as Deep Throat. The episode helped explore the series' overarching mythology. The episode was mostly well received. The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), who work on cases called X-Files, which are linked to the paranormal. When Mulder and Scully investigate a mysterious crash site, they find that the official reports of the incident may be covering up the crash of a UFO. Meanwhile, Mulder meets a ufologist who he believes may be a former abductee. The episode introduced the UFO fanatic character Max Fenig, who would go on to be a minor recurring character. Fenig would later appear in the fourth season episodes "Tempus Fugit" and "Max". In addition, Fenig also laid the template for the introduction of The Lone Gunmen in the later first-season episode "E.B.E."
39/39	Fallen Angel is a 1981 made-for-TV film which explores pedophilia. It was directed by Robert Michael Lewis, written by Lew Hunter, and stars Dana Hill, Melinda Dillon, Richard Masur, and Ronny Cox. It is a Green/Epstein Production in association with Columbia Pictures Television. The film received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Drama Special, and won a Young Artist Award for star Hill in the category of Best Young Actress. After its initial airing on CBS, it was later released on VHS by RCA/Columbia Pictures Home Video in 1983, and turned up occasionally via syndication and cable television into the mid-1990s.
===13	cover story	6
1/6	A fictitious account that is intended to hide one's real motive.
2/6	A story that appears on the front page of a publication.
3/6	Cover Story is 2002 American film starring Elizabeth Berkley and Costas Mandylor. It was directed by Eric Weston and released on DVD on March 8, 2005.
4/6	==DB== Cover Story (disambiguation).
5/6	Cover Story is a 2000 Malayalam film starring Suresh Gopi and Tabu.
6/6	Cover Story is an Hindi thriller film directed by Laurence Postma starring Anjum Nayar and Jackie Shroff. It is the second official remake of the acclaimed Dutch film Interview, directed by Theo Van Gogh in 2003, the first being Interview by Steve Buscemi in 2007.
===15	finish line	10
1/10	A line marking the end of a race. {{ux|en|The five exhausted runners crossed the finish line one after the other.}}
2/10	Finish Line NASDAQ: FINL is an American retail chain that sells athletic shoes and related apparel and accessories. The company operates 660 stores in 47 states, mostly in enclosed shopping malls, as well as Finish Line-branded athletic shoe departments in more than 450 Macy's stores.
3/10	==DB==
4/10	==DB== Finish Line (Lou Reed song).
5/10	"Finish Line" is a song recorded by British artist Yasmin. Self-written, produced by Labrinth and co-produced by Marc Williams and featuring a sample from the Stevie Wonder song "As". The song was released on 8 May 2011 as Yasmin's second single.
6/10	The end of a process.
7/10	==DB== The Finish Line (Axium song).
8/10	==DB== Finish Line (The Price Is Right).
9/10	Finish Line is a 1989 television movie originally broadcast on Turner Network Television starring real life father and son James and Josh Brolin. The movie also features Stephen Lang as a hard driving track coach and an early appearance by Mariska Hargitay as a student reporter. The movie is about a young college athlete with dreams of Olympic gold whose experimentation with steroids leads to a tragic finale for all those involved. The film was released at a time when little was known about the harmful effects of steroids.
10/10	==DB== The Finish Line (Train song).
===16	heart attack	3
1/3	An acute myocardial infarction, sometimes fatal, caused by the sudden occurrence of coronary thrombosis, which obstructs the blood supply to the heart and leads to necrosis of heart muscle tissue.
2/3	Myocardial infarction (MI) or acute myocardial infarction (AMI), commonly known as a heart attack, occurs when blood flow stops to a part of the heart causing damage to the heart muscle. The most common symptom is chest pain or discomfort which may travel into the shoulder, arm, back, neck, or jaw. Often it is in the center or left side of the chest and lasts for more than a few minutes. The discomfort may occasionally feel like heartburn. Other symptoms may include shortness of breath, nausea, feeling faint, a cold sweat, or feeling tired. About 30% of people have atypical symptoms, with women more likely than men to present atypically. Among those over 75 years old, about 5% have had an MI with little or no history of symptoms. An MI may cause heart failure, an irregular heartbeat, or cardiac arrest. Most MIs occur due to coronary artery disease. Risk factors include high blood pressure, smoking, diabetes, lack of exercise, obesity, high blood cholesterol, poor diet, and excessive alcohol intake, among others. The mechanism of an MI often involves the complete blockage of a coronary artery caused by a rupture of an atherosclerotic plaque. MIs are less commonly caused by coronary artery spasms, which may be due to cocaine, significant emotional stress, and extreme cold, among others. A number of tests are useful to help with diagnosis, including electrocardiograms (ECGs), blood tests, and coronary angiography. An ECG may confirm an ST elevation MI if ST elevation is present. Commonly used blood tests include troponin and less often creatine kinase MB. Aspirin is an appropriate immediate treatment for a suspected MI. Nitroglycerin or opioids may be used to help with chest pain; however, they do not improve overall outcomes. Supplemental oxygen should be used in those with low oxygen levels or shortness of breath. In ST elevation MIs treatments which attempt to restore blood flow to the heart are typically recommended and include angioplasty, where the arteries are pushed open, or thrombolysis, where the blockage is removed using medications. People who have a non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) are often managed with the blood thinner heparin, with the additional use of angioplasty in those at high risk. In people with blockages of multiple coronary arteries and diabetes, bypass surgery (CABG) may be recommended rather than angioplasty. After an MI, lifestyle modifications, along with long term treatment with aspirin, beta blockers, and statins, are typically recommended. Worldwide, about 8.6 million myocardial infarctions occurred in 2013. More than 3 million people had an ST elevation MI and more than 4 million had an NSTEMI. STEMIs occur about twice as often in men as women. About one million people have an MI each year in the United States. In the developed world the risk of death in those who have had an STEMI is about 10%. Rates of MI for a given age have decreased globally between 1990 and 2010.
3/3	Death or failure.  My computer had a heart attack when I tried to get it to run that program.
===18	heavy metal	22
1/22	Any metal that has a specific gravity greater than about 5, especially one, such as lead, that is poisonous and may be a hazard in the environment.
2/22	A genre descended from rock music, characterized by massive sound, highly amplified distortion, and overall loudness, often with extended guitar solos, and lyrics that involve violent or fantastic imagery.
3/22	Heavy metals are generally defined as metals with relatively high densities, atomic weights, or atomic numbers. The criteria used, and whether metalloids are included, vary depending on the author and context. In metallurgy, for example, a heavy metal may be defined on the basis of density, whereas in physics the distinguishing criterion might be atomic number, while a chemist would likely be more concerned with chemical behaviour. More specific definitions have been published but none of these have been widely accepted. The definitions surveyed in this article encompass up to 92 elements; only mercury, lead and bismuth meet all of them. Despite this lack of agreement the term (plural or singular) is widely used in science. A density of more than 5 g/cm3 is sometimes quoted as a commonly used criterion and is used in the body of this article. The earliest known metals—common metals such as iron, copper, and tin, and precious metals such as silver, gold, and platinum—are heavy metals. From 1809 onwards, light metals, such as magnesium, aluminium, and titanium, were discovered, as well as less well-known heavy metals like gallium, thallium, and hafnium. Some heavy metals are either essential nutrients (typically iron, cobalt, and zinc), or relatively harmless (such as ruthenium, silver, and indium) but can be toxic in large amounts or certain forms. Other heavy metals, like cadmium, mercury, and lead, are notably toxic. Potential sources of heavy metal poisoning include mining and industrial wastes, agricultural runoff, occupational exposure, and contact with lead-based paints. Physical and chemical characterisations of heavy metals need to be treated with caution as the metals involved are not always consistently defined. As well as being relatively dense, heavy metals tend to be less reactive than lighter metals and have much less soluble sulfides and hydroxides. While it is relatively easy to distinguish a heavy metal such as tungsten from a lighter metal such as sodium, a few heavy metals such as zinc, mercury, and lead have some of the characteristics of lighter metals, and lighter metals such as beryllium, scandium, and titanium have some of the characteristics of heavier metals. Heavy metals are relatively scarce in the Earth's crust but are present in many aspects of modern life. They are used in, for example, golf clubs, cars, antiseptics, self-cleaning ovens, plastics, solar panels, mobile phones, and particle accelerators.
4/22	==DB== Heavy Metal (cricket).
5/22	==DB== Heavy Metal (Marvel Comics).
6/22	Heavy Metal is a fictional character from the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero toyline, comic books and cartoon series. He is the G.I. Joe Team's M.B.T. Mauler Tank driver and debuted in 1985.
7/22	Guns or shot of large size.
8/22	Erick Francisco Casas Ruiz  is a Mexican professional wrestler currently working under the ring name Heavy Metal for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA). He is the son of referee Pepe Casas and part of the Casas wrestling family; the brother of Negro Casas and Felino.
9/22	{{syn|pt|metal|[[rock pauleira]] {{q|dated}}}}
10/22	Great influence or power.
11/22	Heavy metal (or simply metal) is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom and the United States. With roots in blues rock and psychedelic rock, the bands that created heavy metal developed a thick, massive sound, characterized by highly amplified distortion, extended guitar solos, emphatic beats, and overall loudness. Heavy metal lyrics and performance styles are sometimes associated with aggression and machismo. The first heavy metal bands such as Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath and Deep Purple attracted large audiences, though they were often derided by critics. During the mid-1970s, Judas Priest helped spur the genre's evolution by discarding much of its blues influence; Motörhead introduced a punk rock sensibility and an increasing emphasis on speed. Beginning in the late 1970s, bands in the new wave of British heavy metal such as Iron Maiden and Saxon followed in a similar vein. Before the end of the decade, heavy metal fans became known as "metalheads" or "headbangers". During the 1980s, glam metal became popular with groups such as Mötley Crüe and Poison. Underground scenes produced an array of more aggressive styles: thrash metal broke into the mainstream with bands such as Metallica, Megadeth, Slayer, and Anthrax, while other extreme subgenres of metal such as death metal and black metal remain subcultural phenomena. Since the mid-1990s popular styles have further expanded the definition of the genre. These include groove metal (with bands such as Pantera, Sepultura, and Lamb of God) and nu metal (with bands such as Korn, Slipknot, and Linkin Park), the latter of which often incorporates elements of grunge and hip hop.
12/22	Heavy Metal Music is the only studio album from heavy metal band Newsted. The album was released on August 6, 2013. It is the first Newsted release to feature guitarist Mike Mushok who joined the band following their debut release EP, Metal (2013). The album is the band's only full-length release, since bassist Jason Newsted "shut down" the project in early 2014.
13/22	Heavy Metal is a 1981 Canadian-American adult animated anthology science fiction fantasy film directed by Gerald Potterton and produced by Ivan Reitman and Leonard Mogel, who also was the publisher of Heavy Metal magazine, the basis for the film. The screenplay was written by Daniel Goldberg and Len Blum. The film was the sixth animated feature film to be presented in Dolby surround sound. The film is an anthology of various science fiction and fantasy stories adapted from Heavy Metal magazine and original stories in the same spirit. Like the magazine, the film features a great deal of graphic violence, sexuality, and nudity. Its production was expedited by having several animation houses working simultaneously on different segments, including CinéGroupe and Atkinson Film-Arts. A sequel titled Heavy Metal 2000 was released in 2000.
14/22	A toxic heavy metal is any relatively dense metal or metalloid that is noted for its potential toxicity, especially in environmental contexts. The term has particular application to cadmium, mercury, lead and arsenic, all of which appear in the World Health Organisation's list of 10 chemicals of major public concern. Other examples include manganese, chromium, cobalt, nickel, copper, zinc, selenium, silver, antimony and thallium. Heavy metals are found naturally in the earth. They become concentrated as a result of human caused activities and can enter plant, animal, and human tissues via inhalation, diet, and manual handling. Then, they can bind to and interfere with the functioning of vital cellular components. The toxic effects of arsenic, mercury, and lead were known to the ancients, but methodical studies of the toxicity of some heavy metals appear to date from only 1868. In humans, heavy metal poisoning is generally treated by the administration of chelating agents. Some elements otherwise regarded as toxic heavy metals are essential, in small quantities, for human health.
15/22	Heavy Metal is an American science fiction and fantasy comics magazine, known primarily for its blend of dark fantasy/science fiction and erotica. In the mid-1970s, while publisher Leonard Mogel was in Paris to jump-start the French edition of National Lampoon, he discovered the French science-fantasy magazine Métal Hurlant which had debuted January 1975. The French title translates literally as "Howling Metal". When Mogel licensed the American version, he chose to rename it, and Heavy Metal began in the U.S. in April 1977 as a glossy, full-color monthly. Initially, it displayed translations of graphic stories originally published in Métal Hurlant, including work by Enki Bilal, Philippe Caza, Guido Crepax, Philippe Druillet, Jean-Claude Forest, Jean Giraud (aka Moebius) and Milo Manara. The magazine later ran Stefano Tamburini and Tanino Liberatore's ultra-violent RanXerox. Since the color pages had already been shot in France, the budget to reproduce them in the U.S. version was greatly reduced.
16/22	==DB== Heavy Metal (Clap Your Hands Say Yeah song).
17/22	Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.² is a third-person shooter video game made by Ritual Entertainment in 2000. A computer game sequel to the Heavy Metal 2000 animated movie, the game stars Julie in her quest to save her home planet of Eden from GITH, an ancient entity seeking to conquer the universe. Using a variety of weapons, Julie must now fight off GITH's forces while at the same time uncovering a secret hidden deep within the planet. FAKK2 allows players to pair up and use two weapons at the same time depending on the situation - for example, sword and shield for maximum defense, sword and UZI for both range and melee capability, or dual-wield UZIs for maximum firepower. Players can also block enemy attacks and execute powerful combo moves to deal even deadlier blows to their enemies. The game uses the Quake III Arena engine (modified with Ritual's ÜberTools) and combines action with puzzle-solving. The game was ported to Linux by Loki Software, who had previously ported Quake III Arena to Linux.
18/22	Heavy Metal: Geomatrix is a fully 3D arena fighting video game released in 2001 by both Sega and Capcom for the Sega NAOMI and Dreamcast, based upon the Heavy Metal license. Using similar perspective and control scheme to Capcom's Spawn: In the Demon's Hand, the game presents up to 4 players combats in large arenas in what is seen as a follow up to the basics of Capcom's Power Stone series, although more oriented to weapon fighting/shooting and a serious and dark cyberpunk tone because of the Heavy Metal universe setting. The game features a soundtrack of licensed music by artists such as Megadeth, Halford, W.A.S.P., Corrosion of Conformity and Dust to Dust. A soundtrack CD featuring songs used in the game as well as songs from other artists was released by Sanctuary Records to tie in with the game.
19/22	"Heavy Metal" is the fourth episode of the American television series Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. Aired on February 4, 2008, this episode features the discovery and stymieing of another Terminator and its preparatory mission to artificially bolster Skynet's future war resources, as well as Cromartie's realization of his new human disguise.
20/22	==DB== Heavy Metal (Sliders).
21/22	Heavy Metal: a Tank Company's Battle to Baghdad is a book by Captain Jason Conroy with Ron Martz published in 2005 by Potomac Books. In Heavy Metal, Conroy and Martz provide an up-close and very personal view of the sometimes vicious fighting that took place almost from the time the unit crossed the border from Kuwait until it got to Baghdad. The book chronicles the making of Charlie Company, following it from its home base at Fort Stewart, Georgia, to training in the deserts of California and Kuwait. It provides details of fighting on the road to Baghdad, including a key battle at the holy city of Najaf, where militias and Fedayeen Saddam used suicide tactics in a fruitless effort to stop the 70-ton M1A1 Abrams tanks. Heavy Metal is Capt. Conroy's account of what went right and what went wrong in Iraq from the start of the war. It demonstrates how Conroy and his soldiers were able to overcome supply shortages, intelligence failures, and weather of Biblical ferocity in their battle for downtown Baghdad, a place they were originally told they would never take their tanks. The book tells how young soldiers were able to overcome numerous obstacles and adversities and adapt to ever-changing conditions all the while under constant enemy fire for more than a month. Just south of Baghdad, in the city of Mahmudiyah, Charlie Company engaged in a battle with Soviet-made T-72 tanks at point-blank range, a tactic that is not part of Army doctrine and something for which the young soldiers had not trained. Heavy Metal also for the first time reveals what really happened at the Iraqi National Museum in Baghdad; how Iraqi Special Republican Guard soldiers used the museum as a defensive position; how museum employees and others hid most of the artifacts before the fighting began; and how the number of items stolen was exaggerated by a member of the museum staff in interviews with international media in an apparent effort to discredit the American military. Through the personal accounts of the young troopers of Charlie Co., Heavy Metal tells much about the quality of today’s American soldier, about 21st-century desert and urban warfare and how the Army should prepare to fight future wars.
22/22	Heavy Metal 2000 (also known as Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.² outside North America) is a 2000 Canadian-German direct-to-video adult animated science fiction film produced by Jacques Pettigrew and Michel Lemire, and directed by Michael Coldewey and Lemire. Starring the voices of Michael Ironside, Julie Strain, and Billy Idol, the film is the follow-up to the 1981 animated cult film Heavy Metal, which is based on the fantasy magazine of the same name. The story is based on the graphic novel, The Melting Pot, written by Kevin Eastman, Simon Bisley and Eric Talbot. The film was made by CinéGroupe, a studio based in Montreal, Quebec.
===19	home run	5
1/5	The portion of a journey that ends at home  I'm on the home run.
2/5	In baseball, a home run (abbreviated HR, also "homer", "tater", "YABO" "dinger", "dong", "bomb", "blast", "goner" , "shot", or "four-bagger") is scored when the ball is hit in such a way that the batter is able to circle the bases and reach home safely in one play without any errors being committed by the defensive team in the process. In modern baseball, the feat is typically achieved by hitting the ball over the outfield fence between the foul poles (or making contact with either foul pole) without first touching the ground, resulting in an automatic home run. There is also the "inside-the-park" home run, increasingly rare in modern baseball, where the batter reaches home safely while the baseball is in play on the field. When a home run is scored, the batter is also credited with a hit and a run scored, and an RBI for each runner that scores, including himself. Likewise, the pitcher is recorded as having given up a hit, and a run for each runner that scores including the batter. Homeruns are among the most popular aspects of baseball and, as a result, prolific home run hitters are usually the most popular among fans and consequently the highest paid by teams—hence the old saying, variously attributed to slugger Ralph Kiner, or to a teammate talking about Kiner, "Home run hitters drive Cadillacs, and singles hitters drive Fords."
3/5	A success; especially, a popular success.  The product was a home run.
4/5	A four-base hit, a homer  The first baseman hit a home run to lead off the ninth.
5/5	Sexual intercourse.
===20	food chain	8
1/8	The feeding relationships between species in a biotic community.
2/8	A food chain is a linear network of links in a food web starting from producer organisms (such as grass or trees which use radiation from the sun to make their food) and ending at apex predator species (like grizzly bears or killer whales), detritivores (like earthworms or woodlice), or decomposer species (such as fungi or bacteria). A food chain also shows how the organisms are related with each other by the food they eat. Each level of a food chain represents a different trophic level. A food chain differs from a food web, because the complex network of different animals' feeding relations are aggregated and the chain only follows a direct, linear pathway of one animal at a time. A common metric used to quantify food web trophic structure is food chain length. In its simplest form, the length of a chain is the number of links between a trophic consumer and the base of the web and the mean chain length of an entire web is the arithmetic average of the lengths of all chains in a food web. Food chains were first introduced by the African-Arab scientist and philosopher Al-Jahiz in the 9th century and later popularized in a book published in 1927 by Charles Elton, which also introduced the food web concept.
3/8	The Food Chain is a London, United Kingdom-based charity who provide nutritional support services for people living with HIV in London. Formed on Christmas Day 1988, its stated aim is "to ensure people living with HIV in London can access the nutrition they need to get well, stay well and lead healthy, independent lives.". Using a large network of volunteers The Food Chain deliver meals and groceries, offers cookery and nutrition classes and communal eating opportunities to people living with HIV in London and their dependents. These are largely delivered from the Acorn House kitchen near King's Cross. In 2005, The Food Chain won the Queen's Award for Volunteer Organisation of the Year. The Food Chain also won The Guardian Charity of the Year award in 2005, and the National Lottery 'Inspiration' award in 2006.
4/8	A hierarchy.  With my promotion this month I will continue my steady journey to the top of the [[food chain]].
5/8	In contrast to Danielsen's previous solo album Enjoy the Process, which featured only the singer along with his acoustic guitar, Food Chain featured a full band. In October 2014, prior to the release of the EP, the singer released "Rescue Me", the second song from the album via Revolver Magazine. The singer stated that he selected the tune, because "it’s a very powerful song that a lot of people can relate to in this day and age", going on to say that "We live in an overly medicated society, and we all have people close to us being affected".
6/8	Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Food Chain is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Buffy the Vampire Slayer television series. 'Food Chain was the largest Buffy graphic novel to come out before the Buffy: Omnibus volumes.
7/8	==DB== Food Chains.
8/8	"Food Chain" is the seventh episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time. The episode was written, storyboarded, and directed by Japanese anime director Masaaki Yuasa. The episodes guest stars Regular Show storyboard artist Minty Lewis as Erin the caterpillar. The series follows the adventures of Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada), a human boy, and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio), a dog with magical powers to change shape and grow and shrink at will. In this episode, Finn and Jake learn about the food chain after being turned into its different parts—small birds, big birds, bacteria, plants, and finally caterpillars—by Magic Man (voiced by Tom Kenny). As Finn and Jake journey along the food chain, they meet another character named Erin, whom Finn falls in love with and attempts to marry. The episode concludes with all the main characters singing a song about how the food chain works. The episode was the second (following David OReilly's fifth season installment "A Glitch is a Glitch") in the series to have been directed by someone not affiliated with the series. On the night that it aired, "Food Chain" was watched by a total of 1.97 million viewers. The episode received largely positive reviews from critics, and was nominated for both an Annie Award and an Annecy International Animated Film Festival Award.
===21	heat wave	3
1/3	A heat wave is a prolonged period of excessively hot weather, which may be accompanied by high humidity, especially in oceanic climate countries. While definitions vary, a heat wave is measured relative to the usual weather in the area and relative to normal temperatures for the season. Temperatures that people from a hotter climate consider normal can be termed a heat wave in a cooler area if they are outside the normal climate pattern for that area. The term is applied both to hot weather variations and to extraordinary spells of hot which may occur only once a century. Severe heat waves have caused catastrophic crop failures, thousands of deaths from hyperthermia, and widespread power outages due to increased use of air conditioning. A heat wave is considered extreme weather, and a danger because heat and sunlight may overheat the human body.
2/3	Three consecutive days with daytime high temperature of 90 degrees Fahrenheit or higher.
3/3	A period of exceptionally hot weather.
===22	space shuttle	3
1/3	The Space Shuttle was a partially reusable low Earth orbital spacecraft system operated by the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), as part of the Space Shuttle program. Its official program name was Space Transportation System (STS), taken from a 1969 plan for a system of reusable spacecraft of which it was the only item funded for development. The first of four orbital test flights occurred in 1981, leading to operational flights beginning in 1982. Five complete Shuttle systems were built and used on a total of 135 missions from 1981 to 2011, launched from the Kennedy Space Center (KSC) in Florida. Operational missions launched numerous satellites, interplanetary probes, and the Hubble Space Telescope (HST); conducted science experiments in orbit; and participated in construction and servicing of the International Space Station. The Shuttle fleet's total mission time was 1322 days, 19 hours, 21 minutes and 23 seconds. Shuttle components included the Orbiter Vehicle (OV), a pair of recoverable solid rocket boosters (SRBs), and the expendable external tank (ET) containing liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen. The Shuttle was launched vertically, like a conventional rocket, with the two SRBs operating in parallel with the OV's three main engines, which were fueled from the ET. The SRBs were jettisoned before the vehicle reached orbit, and the ET was jettisoned just before orbit insertion, which used the orbiter's two Orbital Maneuvering System (OMS) engines. At the conclusion of the mission, the orbiter fired its OMS to de-orbit and re-enter the atmosphere. The orbiter then glided as a spaceplane to a runway landing, usually at the Shuttle Landing Facility of KSC or Rogers Dry Lake in Edwards Air Force Base, California. After landing at Edwards, the orbiter was flown back to the KSC on the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft, a specially modified Boeing 747. The first orbiter, Enterprise, was built in 1976 for use in Approach and Landing Tests and had no orbital capability. Four fully operational orbiters were initially built: Columbia, Challenger, Discovery, and Atlantis. Of these, two were lost in mission accidents: Challenger in 1986 and Columbia in 2003, with a total of fourteen astronauts killed. A fifth operational (and sixth in total) orbiter, Endeavour, was built in 1991 to replace Challenger. The Space Shuttle was retired from service upon the conclusion of Atlantis's final flight on July 21, 2011.
2/3	Any vehicle capable of repeatedly travelling between destinations in outer space carrying people or cargo.
3/3	Any vehicle capable of travelling repeatedly between the Earth's surface and outer space carrying people or cargo.
===23	face value	3
1/3	The amount or value listed on a bill, note, stamp, etc.; the stated value or amount.
2/3	The face value is the value of a coin, stamp or paper money, as printed on the coin, stamp or bill itself by the issuing authority. The face value of coins, stamps, or bill is usually its legal value. However, their market value need not bear any relationship to the face value. For example, some rare coins or stamps may be traded at prices considerably above their face value.
3/3	No more or less than what is stated; a literal or direct meaning or interpretation.  Please take this comment at face value and don't try to read anything into it.
===24	field day	16
1/16	A field day is a large trade show for agricultural industry and equipment, especially for broadacre farming. It contrasts with an agricultural show in that a show focuses on livestock and judging, a field day focuses on equipment, demonstrations and processes. A field day may include events such as ploughing competitions not usually associated with shows due to the larger space required. The events are good sources of agricultural information, as organizers can arrange for guest speakers to talk on a range of topics.
2/16	A school day for athletic events; a sports day.
3/16	A day of class taken away from school for a field trip.
4/16	A great time or a great deal to do, at somebody else's expense.  The reporters will have a field day with a comment like that.   The scandal was a field day for the press.
5/16	Field Day is the first studio album from Anthony Phillips in 5 years in between various series releases of the Archive Collection, library & TV projects and compilations. It is also the sequel to Private Parts & Pieces V: Twelve, in which the acoustic guitar is the sole instrument on the album. The sleeve cover is designed by GR/DD, based in London.As Anthony Phillips explains in the sleeve notes, the album started off as a small project but not only grew in time, it also took a long time to record the album due to other project schedules.
6/16	Field Day is a yearly outdoor music festival set up in Victoria Park in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. The first festival took place on 11 August 2007. It has continuously expanded, and since its inception, ticket allocation for the festival has sold out every year.
7/16	A day on which there is top-to-bottom all-hands cleaning.
8/16	Field Day is a studio album by Dag Nasty released in 1988 through Giant Records; it was released in Europe on We Bite Records. The album features a cover-version of The Ruts classic "Staring at the Rude Boys". It also offers a new recording of the band classic 'Under Your Influence'. The original version appears on the band's debut LP Can I Say with vocalist Dave Smalley. The CD bonus track "12XU" is originally written by Wire but has been covered by Brian Baker's former band Minor Threat, too.
9/16	==DB==
10/16	A parade day.
11/16	Field Day was a Canadian pop-punk band from Calgary formed in 1994. The band's original lineup consisted of guitarist and singer John Hiebert, drummer Jay Kreway (who were both members of Calgary punk band "Ninth Configuration") along with bassist Jonas Smith (also known as Joner Baloner).
12/16	Field Day is the second album by Detroit-born musician Marshall Crenshaw. It includes his hit single, "Whenever You're on My Mind", which was aided by a popular early MTV music video and reached No. 23 on Billboard's Rock Tracks Chart. The cover photo was shot in front of Marshall's alma mater Berkley High School. The album peaked at No. 52 in Billboard magazine, lasting 14 weeks on the chart. Shortly after the release of Field Day, Marshall released an EP in the UK with five songs, four of which were remixes of the Steve Lillywhite produced songs on the album and one which was a live tune. Critic Robert Christgau gave it a perfect rating: A+.
13/16	The Field Day Theatre Company began as an artistic collaboration between playwright Brian Friel and actor Stephen Rea. In 1980, the duo set out to launch a production of Friel's recently completed play, Translations. They decided to rehearse and premiere the play in Derry with the hope of establishing a major theatre company for Northern Ireland. The production and performance of Translations generated a level of excitement and anticipation that unified, if only for a short time, the various factions of a divided community. Although Field Day has never put forth a formal mission statement, their intention was to create a space, a 'fifth province,' that transcended the crippling oppositions of Irish politics. The term 'fifth province' — Ireland consists of four provinces – was coined by the editors of an Irish Journal, The Crane Bag, to name an imaginary cultural space from which a new discourse of unity might emerge. In addition to being an enormous popular and critical success, Field Day's first production created just such a space. After the production of Translations, Seamus Heaney, Ireland's most prominent poet, recognised the importance of what they had accomplished and urged Brian Friel to continue with the project: "this was what theatre was supposed to do" (cited in Richtarik, 65). That the company was established in Derry, Northern Ireland's "second city," is significant. Although Friel knew the city well (he had lived there until 1967), Derry, being close to the border, was a hot-spot in the north-south tensions during the "The Troubles". Furthermore, its western location and its relationship to Belfast, Northern Ireland's east coast capital, underline a second historically older division in Ireland – the division between the cosmopolitan east and the rural, romantic west.
14/16	Field Day is an annual amateur radio exercise, widely sponsored by IARU regions and member organizations, encouraging emergency communications preparedness among amateur radio operators. In the United States, it is typically the largest single emergency preparedness exercise in the country, with over 30,000 operators participating each year. Field Day is always the fourth full weekend of June, beginning at 1800 UTC Saturday and running through 2059 UTC Sunday. Since the first ARRL Field Day in 1933, radio amateurs throughout North America have practiced the rapid deployment of radio communications equipment in environments ranging from operations under tents in remote areas to operations inside Emergency Operations Centers (EOCs). Operations using emergency and alternative power sources are highly encouraged, since electricity and other public infrastructures are often among the first to fail during a natural disaster or severe weather. To determine the effectiveness of the exercise and of each participant's operations, there is an integrated contesting component, and many clubs also engage in concurrent leisure activities (camping out, cookouts, etc.). Operations typically last a continuous twenty-four hours, requiring scheduled relief operators to keep stations on the air. Additional contest points are awarded for experimenting with unusual modes, making contacts via satellite, and involving youth in the activity.
15/16	Field Day is an outdoor music festival held every year on New Years Day in Sydney at The Domain. It is a one-day music festival showcasing hip-hop, house, indie and electronic artists from all over the world. The event has been running since 2002 and has become a popular annual music event, attracting over 20,000 people. In 2007 and 2008 Field Day was voted the best festival in New South Wales in the annual InTheMix 50.
16/16	A great time or a great deal to do.  They went to the park and had a field day playing on the swings.
===25	video game	3
1/3	A type of game existing as and controlled by software, usually run by a video game console or a computer, played on a video terminal or television screen, and controlled by a paddle, joystick, joypad, mouse, or keyboard.
2/3	A video game is an electronic game that involves human interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device such as a TV screen or computer monitor. The word video in video game traditionally referred to a raster display device, but as of the 2000s, it implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. Some theorists categorize video games as an art form, but this designation is controversial. The electronic systems used to play video games are known as platforms; examples of these are personal computers and video game consoles. These platforms range from large mainframe computers to small handheld computing devices. Specialized video games such as arcade games, in which the video game components are housed in a large, coin-operated chassis, while common in the 1980s in video arcades, have gradually declined in use due to the widespread availability of affordable home video game consoles (e.g., PlayStation 4 and Xbox One) and video games on desktop and laptop computers and smartphones. The input device used for games, the game controller, varies across platforms. Common controllers include gamepads, joysticks, mouses, keyboards, the touchscreens of mobile devices and buttons. Players typically view the game on a video screen or television and there are often game sounds from loudspeakers. Some games in the 2000s include haptic, vibration-creating effects, force feedback peripherals and virtual reality headsets. In the 2010s, the video game industry is of increasing commercial importance, with growth driven particularly by the emerging Asian markets and mobile games, which are played on smartphones. As of 2015, video games generated sales of USD 74 billion annually worldwide, and were the third-largest segment in the U.S. entertainment market, behind broadcast and cable TV.
3/3	video game console
===26	value system	3
1/3	A hierarchy of values that all moral agents possess, demonstrated by their choices. Most people's value systems differ, making the imposition of a singular value system by the state a source of constant social warfare. This is an individualistic concept. One's value system is molded by one's virtues or vices.
2/3	In ethics, value denotes the degree of importance of some thing or action, with the aim of determining what actions are best to do or what way is best to live (deontology), or to describe the significance of different actions (axiology). It may be described as treating actions themselves as abstract objects, putting value to them. It deals with right conduct and good life, in the sense that a highly, or at least relatively highly, valuable action may be regarded as ethically "good" (adjective sense), and an action of low in value, or somewhat relatively low in value, may be regarded as "bad". What makes an action valuable may in turn depend on the ethic values of the objects it increases, decreases or alters. An object with "ethic value" may be termed an "ethic or philosophic good" (noun sense). Values can be defined as broad preferences concerning appropriate courses of action or outcomes. As such, values reflect a person's sense of right and wrong or what "ought" to be. "Equal rights for all", "Excellence deserves admiration", and "People should be treated with respect and dignity" are representative of values. Values tend to influence attitudes and behavior. Types of values include ethical/moral values, doctrinal/ideological (religious, political) values, social values, and aesthetic values. It is debated whether some values that are not clearly physiologically determined, such as altruism, are intrinsic, and whether some, such as acquisitiveness, should be classified as vices or virtues.
3/3	A person's standards and self-discipline set, based on the common sense and wisdom of knowing what the proper moral rules and discipline are, and the amount of willingness to see themselves and others abide by them.
===27	vice president	3
1/3	An executive in a business in charge of a department or branch.
2/3	A vice president (in British English: vice-president for governments and director for businesses) is an officer in government or business who is below a president (managing director) in rank. The name comes from the Latin vice meaning "in place of". In some countries, the vice president is called the deputy president. In everyday speech, the abbreviation VP can be used.
3/3	A deputy to a president, often empowered to assume the position of president on his death or absence.
===28	money maker	4
1/4	A lady's breast.
2/4	"Money Maker" is the first single from Ludacris's fifth album Release Therapy.The song was released to the radio on July 17, 2006. The song is Ludacris' take on the 1961 Elmore James blues song Shake Your Moneymaker. It was produced by The Neptunes and features Pharrell. The song was written by Chris Bridges (Ludacris), and Pharrell Williams. The video was released on August 17, 2006. The video premiered on MTV's Making the Video. The single reached number 1 on various charts. It has peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, and number 1 on Hot Rap Tracks in the United States. It also became the number 1 single on radio in the United States on October 19, 2006. The music video managed to enter BET's 106 & Park and peak at number 1, where it remained for several days. The single has strong airplay on BET and MTV. It also has airplay on Canada's Muchmusic. The single had a major promotional campaign and huge airplay on radio around the U.S., Canada and other countries around the globe. The song was performed on the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards.This is Ludacris's third #1 hit single. American R&B singer, Amerie, recorded an answer back (remix) to the single. The song was included on her first Mixtape, Because I Love It Volume 1 (the mixtape that was released to accompany her third studio Because I Love It). The song however did not appear on the final album. "Because I Love It" was released to international markets only. The song won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Song in 2007.
3/4	Something profitable.
4/4	A woman's buttocks.
===29	white knight	17
1/17	The White Knight is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's book Through the Looking-Glass.He represents the chess piece of the same name.As imagined in John Tenniel's illustrations for the Alice stories he has echoes of John Millais's Sir Isumbras at the Ford.
2/17	The Scaled Composites Model 348 White Knight Two (WK2) is a jet-powered cargo aircraft which is used to lift the SpaceShipTwo spacecraft to release altitude. It was developed by Scaled Composites from 2007 to 2010 as the first stage of Tier 1b, a two-stage to suborbital-space manned launch system. WK2 is based on the successful mothership to SpaceShipOne, White Knight, which itself is based on Proteus. With an "open architecture" design and explicit plans for multi-purpose use, the aircraft could also operate as a zero-g aircraft for passenger training or microgravity science flights, handle missions in high-altitude testing more generally, or be used to launch payloads other than SpaceShipTwo. A study of use of the aircraft as a forest fire water bomber has also been mentioned, one that would utilize a large carbon composite water tank that could be quickly replenished to make repeat runs over fires. Virgin Galactic has ordered two White Knight Two vehicles. Together, WK2 and SS2 form the basis for Virgin Galactic's fleet of suborbital spaceplanes. In November 2010, The Spaceship Company had announced that it planned to build at least three additional White Knight Two aircraft and an additional five SpaceShipTwo rocket planes, the aircraft to be built by Virgin after the initial prototypes of each craft are built by Scaled Composites.As of 2015, it is not clear how many SS2 and WK2 vehicles will actually be built. The first White Knight Two is named VMS Eve after Richard Branson's mother Eve Branson; it was officially unveiled on July 28, 2008, and flew for the first time on December 21, 2008. The second is expected to be named VMS Spirit of Steve Fossett after Branson's close friend Steve Fossett, who died in an aircraft accident in 2007.
3/17	The White Knight is a biography of the author Lewis Carroll by Alexander L. Taylor, first published in 1952.
4/17	Somebody who unnecessarily defends somebody else. A man who defends a woman in debate etc. in an attempt to gain her favour.
5/17	"The White Knight" is a novelty country music song made famous by Jay Huguely, who - recording as Cledus Maggard & The Citizen's Band - enjoyed a brief run of national popularity with the song when it became popular in 1976.
6/17	An individual or corporation that intends to acquire another company in order to avert a hostile takeover.
7/17	The Posnansky/Fronius PF-1 White Knight is a Swiss/American FAI Standard Class high-wing, T-tailed, single-seat glider that was designed and constructed by Herman Posnansky and later greatly redesigned by Posnansky and Robert L. Fronius.
8/17	The Pedigree of The White Knight was one of three hereditary knighthoods within Ireland dating from the medieval period. It was held by the Fitzgibbon family, and has since become dormant. The others are Fitzgerald: Knight of Glin (also called the Black Knight) which too after 700 years, has become dormant since the passing of the 29th Knight, September 2011) and Fitzgerald: Knight of Kerry (also called the Green Knight).
9/17	The Scaled Composites Model 318 White Knight (now also called White Knight One) is a jet-powered carrier aircraft used to launch the Scaled Composites SpaceShipOne experimental spacecraft. It was developed by Scaled Composites as part of its Tier One program. The aircraft was subsequently offered by Scaled on a contract basis as a research testbed, and was used for drop tests of the Boeing X-37 spaceplane from June 2005 until April 2006. It is also the predecessor to White Knight Two.
10/17	==DB== White Knight (software).
11/17	a hero, savior, or righteous individual
12/17	To unnecessarily defend somebody.
13/17	In business, a white knight is a friendly investor that acquires a corporation at a fair consideration with the support from the corporation's board of directors and management. This may be during a period while it is facing a hostile acquisition from another potential acquirer (black knight) or it is facing bankruptcy. White knights are preferred by the board of directors (when directors are acting in good faith with regards to the interest of the corporation and its shareholders) and/or management as in most cases as they do not replace the current board or management with a new board, whereas, in most cases, a black knight will seek to replace the current board of directors and/or management with its new board reflective of its net interest in the corporation's equity. The first type, the white knight, refers to the friendly acquirer of a target firm in a hostile takeover attempt by another firm. The intent of the acquisition is to circumvent the takeover of the object of interest by a third, unfriendly entity, which is perceived to be less favorable. The knight might defeat the undesirable entity by offering a higher and more enticing bid, or strike a favorable deal with the management of the object of acquisition. The second type refers to the acquirer of a struggling firm that may not necessarily be under threat by a hostile firm. The financial standing of the struggling firm could prevent any other entity being interested in an acquisition. The firm may already have huge debts to pay to its creditors, or worse, may already be bankrupt. In such a case, the knight, under huge risk, acquires the firm in crisis. After acquisition, the knight then rebuilds, or integrates the firm. A number of variations of the term have been used and these include: a grey knight which is an acquiring corporation or individual that enters a bid for a hostile takeover in addition to the target firm and first bidder, perceived as more favorable than the black knight (unfriendly bidder), but less favorable than the white knight (friendly bidder). Also, a white squire, which is similar to a white knight except it only exercises a significant minority stake, as opposed to a majority stake. A white squire doesn't have the intention, but rather serves as a figurehead in defense of a hostile takeover. The white squire may often also get special voting rights for their equity stake.
14/17	White Knight Chronicles (白騎士物語 -古の鼓動- Shirokishi Monogatari: Inishie no Kodō, "White Knight Story: Ancient Heartbeat") is a fantasy role-playing video game developed by Level-5 and SCE Japan Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 3. It is Level-5's first project for the system. As of August 8, 2009 it has sold 350,000 copies in Japan. A sequel titled White Knight Chronicles II was released in Japan in 2010. A related game for the PlayStation Portable, titled White Knight Chronicles: Origins was released in Japan, Europe and, Australia in 2011. On June 18, 2013, the Geonet server was shut down by Sony Computer Entertainment America in North America and Europe.
15/17	White Knight is an Indian documentary film directed by Aarti Shrivastava. The subject is Chewang Norphel, a 78-year-old engineer in Leh, Ladakh, who, over the last 15 years, has invented and implemented a technology that is helping provide a solution to an ecological disaster created by climate change. The film documents how Ladakh is grappling with an alarming water scarcity situation. In this high altitude desert where the melting of glaciers has been the traditional source of fresh water, a warmer planet is playing havoc with lifestyles and the ecology. With glaciers melting faster, fresh water is precious. Norphel's solution uses common sense and elementary observational science to create artificial glaciers.
16/17	A White Knight is a chocolate-coated, chewy, mint-flavoured confectionery bar sold in Australia. It is manufactured by Nestlé Australia. The packaging is blue and white and features a picture of a knight on a horse. Its slogan is 'Mighty Mint Chew'. The 25 gram bar is composed of a white, mint flavoured chewy center coated in compound chocolate. In the 1980s the bar used to lie on top of a piece of cardboard within the wrapper. On the reverse of the card was a picture of a fictional knight which could be bent at the base to stand up. Children would aim to trade and collect the set of these knights. This part of the packaging was discontinued years later, presumably as a cost-cutting measure. It was once sold across all major Australian supermarkets as well as some discount department stores (e.g. Kmart) and milk bars/convenience stores but as of 2014 is now only available in Woolworths and Coles supermarkets and some specialty confectionery stores. The 25g bar was sold at a cheaper price point reflecting its smaller size (e.g. 75c in 2008) but in early 2010 its price was raised similar to the larger (50–60 g) sized chocolate bars (90c at Coles/Woolworths/Kmart) and it currently retails for over $1. Ingredients: Sugar, Glucose Syrup (Derived from Wheat or Corn), Vegetable Fat, Milk Solids, Cocoa, Gelatine, Emulsifiers (Soya Lecithin, 492) Peppermint Oil, Salt, Flavours, Colour (133) Nutritional information:Serving size: 25 g (One bar) Average quantity per serving:Energy 460 kJ, Protein 0.5 g, Fat (Total) 3.1 g (Saturated Fat 2.9 g), Carbohydrate 19.7 g (Sugars 15.1 g), Sodium 10 mg. Average quantity per 100 g (Shown as per Australian food labelling standard):Energy 1830 kJ, Protein 1.9 g, Fat (Total) 12.2 g (Saturated Fat 11.7 g), Carbohydrate 78.7 g (Sugars 60.4 g), Sodium 40 mg.
17/17	The White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan are considered the most militant as well as the most violent chapter of the Ku Klux Klan in history. They originated in Mississippi in the early 1960s under the leadership of Samuel Bowers, its first Grand Wizard. The White Knights of Mississippi were formed in 1964, and they included roughly 200 members of the Original Knights of Louisiana. The White Knights were not interested in holding public demonstrations or in letting any information about themselves get out to the masses. Similar to the United Klans of America (UKA), the White Knights of Mississippi were very secretive about their group. Within a year, their membership was up to around six thousand, and they had Klaverns in over half of the counties in Mississippi. But by 1967, the number of active members had shrunk to around four hundred.
===30	ivory tower	3
1/3	The term ivory tower originates in the Biblical Song of Solomon (7:4) and was later used as an epithet for Mary. From the 19th century, it has been used to designate an environment of intellectual pursuit disconnected from the practical concerns of everyday life. In American English usage it is also used as shorthand for academia or the university, particularly departments of the humanities and the social sciences.
2/3	Separated from reality and practical matters; overly academic.
3/3	A sheltered, overly-academic existence or perspective, implying a disconnection or lack of awareness of reality or practical considerations. {{ux|en|Such a proposal looks fine from an ivory tower, but it could never work in real life.}}
===31	love affair	10
1/10	Love Affair is a 1932 American Pre-Code romantic drama film starring Dorothy Mackaill as an adventurous socialite and Humphrey Bogart as the airplane designer she falls for. It is based on the short story of the same name by Ursula Parrott.
2/10	A feeling of enthusiasm or strong liking for something; a fondness. {{ux|en|I've always had a love affair with stamps.}}
3/10	The Love Affair is a 2015 Filipino drama film starring Richard Gomez, Dawn Zulueta and Bea Alonzo. It is written by Vanessa R. Valdez and directed by Nuel C. Naval. It was released on August 12, 2015 by Star Cinema. According to Box Office Mojo, the movie earned ₱170 million domestically after 4 weeks of showing. The film received mixed reviews from critics but received favorable reception at the box-office.
4/10	Love Affair was a London-based pop, soul, R&B group formed in 1966. The group had several UK Singles Chart Top 10 hits, including the number one success, "Everlasting Love".
5/10	Love Affair, or the Case of the Missing Switchboard Operator (Serbo-Croatian: 'Ljubavni slučaj ili tragedija službenice P.T.T.') is a 1967 Yugoslav film directed by Dušan Makavejev.
6/10	Love Affair is a studio album by Amii Stewart released in 1996.
7/10	Love Affair is a 1939 American romantic film starring Irene Dunne and Charles Boyer and featuring Maria Ouspenskaya. It was directed by Leo McCarey and written by Delmer Daves and Donald Ogden Stewart, based on a story by McCarey and Mildred Cram.
8/10	Love Affair is a 1994 romantic drama film, and a remake of the 1939 film of the same name. It was directed by Glenn Gordon Caron and produced by Warren Beatty from a screenplay by Robert Towne and Beatty, based on the 1939 screenplay by Delmer Daves and Donald Ogden Stewart, based on the story by Mildred Cram and Leo McCarey. The music score was by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography by Conrad L. Hall. The film stars Beatty, Annette Bening and Katharine Hepburn in her last film role, with Garry Shandling, Chloe Webb, Pierce Brosnan, Kate Capshaw, Paul Mazursky and Brenda Vaccaro.
9/10	Love Affair is an upcoming Indian Bollywood biographical film directed by Soni Razdan under the T-Series and Fish Eye Network Pvt Ltd banners. The principal photography of the film commenced in January 2016.
10/10	An affair; a usually adulterous relationship between people who are not married to each other. {{ux|en|He was involved in a love affair with a married woman.}}
===32	market price	3
1/3	The price at which a product, financial instrument, service or other tradable item can be bought and sold at an open market; the going price.
2/3	In economics, market price is the economic price for which a good or service is offered in the marketplace. It is of interest mainly in the study of microeconomics. Market value and market price are equal only under conditions of market efficiency, equilibrium, and rational expectations. On restaurant menus, "market price" (often abbreviated to m.p. or mp) is written instead of a price to mean "price of dish depends on market price of ingredients, and price is available upon request", and is particularly used for seafood, notably lobsters and oysters. Market Price [MP] B. 1979 is a U.S. based fine artist specializing in oils and acrylics. He is most known for his "Singularity" logo featuring a Doberman Pinscher transposed with a Bird of Paradise flower.
3/3	On restaurant menus, used to mean the price charged depends on the price of supplies, which may vary.
===33	side effect	5
1/5	Side Effect was an American disco and jazz-funk band, that recorded between 1972 and 1982. The group was formed in Los Angeles, California in 1972 by Augie Johnson who became their leader.
2/5	An adverse effect, an unintended consequence of a drug or therapy; usually not a beneficial effect.
3/5	An unintended consequence of any action in addition to the intended consequence of that action.
4/5	A change in state caused by a function call (typically "side-effect").  Eiffel is somewhat purist about insisting that functions have no side effects.
5/5	In medicine, a side effect is an effect, whether therapeutic or adverse, that is secondary to the one intended; although the term is predominantly employed to describe adverse effects, it can also apply to beneficial, but unintended, consequences of the use of a drug. Occasionally, drugs are prescribed or procedures performed specifically for their side effects; in that case, said side effect ceases to be a side effect, and is now an intended effect. For instance, X-rays were historically (and are currently) used as an imaging technique; the discovery of their oncolytic capability led to their employ in radiotherapy (ablation of malignant tumours).
===34	motion picture	3
1/3	A sequence of images depicting people or objects in motion, preserved on a recording medium and capable of being projected for viewing. {{ux|en|Some technical knowledge of cameras and lighting is needed to create a motion picture.}}
2/3	A movie. {{ux|en|“Gone with the Wind” is my favorite motion picture.}}
3/3	("Movie" and "Moving picture" redirect here. For other uses, see Movie (disambiguation) and Moving picture (disambiguation).) A film, also called a movie, motion picture, theatrical film or photoplay, is a series of still images which, when shown on a screen, creates the illusion of moving images due to the phi phenomenon. This optical illusion causes the audience to perceive continuous motion between separate objects viewed rapidly in succession. The process of filmmaking is both an art and an industry. A film is created by photographing actual scenes with a motion picture camera; by photographing drawings or miniature models using traditional animation techniques; by means of CGI and computer animation; or by a combination of some or all of these techniques and other visual effects. The word "cinema", short for cinematography, is often used to refer to the industry of films and filmmaking or to the art of filmmaking itself. The contemporary definition of cinema is the art of simulating experiences to communicate ideas, stories, perceptions, feelings, beauty or atmosphere by the means of recorded or programmed moving images along with other sensory stimulations. Films were originally recorded onto plastic film through a photochemical process, and then shown through a movie projector onto a large screen. The adoption of CGI-based special effects led to the use of digital intermediates. Most contemporary films are now fully digital through the entire process of production, distribution, and exhibition from start to finish. Films recorded in a photochemical form traditionally included an analogous optical soundtrack, which is a graphic recording of the spoken words, music and other sounds that accompany the images. It runs along a portion of the film exclusively reserved for it and is not projected. Films are cultural artifacts created by specific cultures. They reflect those cultures, and, in turn, affect them. Film is considered to be an important art form, a source of popular entertainment, and a powerful medium for educating—or indoctrinating—citizens. The visual basis of film gives it a universal power of communication. Some films have become popular worldwide attractions by using dubbing or subtitles to translate the dialog into the language of the viewer. Some have criticized the film industry's glorification of violence and its potentially negative treatment of women. The individual images that make up a film are called frames. During projection of traditional films, a rotating shutter causes intervals of darkness as each frame in turn is moved into position to be projected, but the viewer does not notice the interruptions because of an effect known as persistence of vision, whereby the eye retains a visual image for a fraction of a second after the source has been removed. The perception of motion is due to a psychological effect called phi phenomenon. The name "film" originates from the fact that photographic film (also called film stock) has historically been the medium for recording and displaying motion pictures. Many other terms exist for an individual motion picture, including picture, picture show, moving picture, photoplay and flick. The most common term in the United States is movie, while in Europe film is preferred. Terms for the field in general include the big screen, the silver screen, the movies and cinema; the latter is commonly used in scholarly texts and critical essays, especially by European writers. In early years, the word sheet was sometimes used instead of screen.
===35	television series	3
1/3	A television program which consists of several episodes that are broadcast at regular intervals. Friends  was one of the most successful television series in recent years.
2/3	A group of episodes of such a program.
3/3	A television program (British English: programme) is a segment of content intended for broadcast on over-the-air, cable television, or Internet television, other than a commercial, trailer, or any other segment of content not serving as attraction for viewership. It may be a single production, or more commonly, a series of related productions (also called a television series or a television show). A limited number of episodes of a television show may be called a miniseries or a serial or limited series. Series without a fixed length are usually divided into seasons (U.S.) or series (UK), yearly or semiannual sets of new episodes. While there is no defined length, U.S. industry practice has traditionally favored longer television seasons than those of other countries. A one-time broadcast may be called a "special", or particularly in the UK a "special episode". A television film ("made-for-TV movie" or "television movie") is a film that is initially broadcast on television rather than released in theaters or direct-to-video. A program can be either recorded, as on video tape, other various electronic media forms, played with an on-demand player or viewed on live television.
===36	water line	6
1/6	the outline of a horizontal section of a vessel, as when floating in the water.
2/6	The level at which water meets land along the shore of a body of water.
3/6	Any one of certain lines of a vessel, model, or plan, parallel with the surface of the water at various heights from the keel. In a half-breadth plan, the water lines are outward curves showing the horizontal form of the ship at their several heights; in a sheer plan, they are projected as straight horizontal lines.
4/6	The line corresponding to the surface of the water touching any submerged object or body.
5/6	Any one of several lines marked upon the outside of a vessel, corresponding with the surface of the water when she is afloat on an even keel. The lowest line indicates the vessel's proper submergence when not loaded, and is called the light water line; the highest, called the load water line, indicates her proper submergence when loaded.
6/6	The waterline is the line where the hull of a ship meets the surface of the water. Specifically, it is also the name of a special marking, also known as an international load line, Plimsoll line and water line (positioned amidships), that indicates the draft of the ship and the legal limit to which a ship may be loaded for specific water types and temperatures in order to safely maintain buoyancy, particularly with regard to the hazard of waves that may arise. Temperature affects the level, because warm water provides less buoyancy, being less dense than cold water, as does salinity, because fresh water is less dense than seawater. For vessels with displacement hulls, the hull speed is determined by, among other things, the waterline length. In a sailing boat, the waterline length can change significantly as the boat heels, and can dynamically affect the speed of the boat. The waterline can also refer to any line on a ship's hull that is parallel to the water's surface when the ship is afloat in a normal position. Hence, all waterlines are one class of "ships lines" used to denote the shape of a hull in naval architecture plans. In aircraft design, the term "waterline" refers to the vertical location of items on the aircraft. This is (normally) the "Z" axis of an XYZ coordinate system, the other two axes being the fuselage station (X) and buttock line (Y).
===37	public school	5
1/5	==DB== Public school (India).
2/5	A publicly funded and administered school; such schools in the context of other countries
3/5	A college or university
4/5	A public school in England and Wales is an older, student selective and expensive fee-paying independent secondary school which caters primarily for children aged between 11 or 13 and 18. The term 'public school' should not be misunderstood to mean they are public sector schools; they are in fact private sector. Traditionally, public schools were all-male boarding schools, although most now allow day pupils, and many have become either partially or fully co-educational. Scotland, having had a state-funded education system for roughly 300 years prior to England, uses the term in a different sense than its use in England, as a school administered by the local government to serve the children of that area. Public schools emerged from charity schools established to educate poor scholars, the term "public" being used to indicate that access to them was not restricted on the basis of religion, occupation, or home location, and that they were subject to public management or control, in contrast to private schools which were run for the personal profit of the proprietors. Soon after the Clarendon Commission reported in 1864, the Public Schools Act 1868 gave the following seven schools independence from direct jurisdiction or responsibility of the Crown, the established church, or the government: Charterhouse, Eton College, Harrow School, Rugby School, Shrewsbury School, Westminster School, and Winchester College. Henceforth each of these schools was to be managed by a board of governors. The following year, the headmaster of Uppingham School invited sixty to seventy of his fellow headmasters to form what became the Headmasters' Conference—later the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference (HMC). Separate preparatory schools (or "prep schools") developed from the 1830s, which "prepared" younger boys for entry to the senior schools; as a result the latter began limiting entry to boys who had reached 12 or 13 years of age. Public schools have had a strong association with the ruling classes. Historically they educated the sons of the English upper and upper-middle classes. In particular, the sons of officers and senior administrators of the British Empire were educated in England while their parents were on overseas postings. In 2010, over half of Cabinet Ministers had been educated at public schools; by contrast, however, most prime ministers since 1964 were educated at state schools. In 2014, annual fees at Eton College were more than £33,000 for boarders, although around 20% of pupils there receive financial support through a range of bursaries and scholarships. However, fees at day schools in Greater London, such as Hampton School and University College School, were only around half that figure, whilst day fees at boarding schools across England, from Plymouth College to Dulwich College, Stamford School, Kent College and Durham School, were also considerably lower. A comprehensive compilation of the fees currently charged at each HMC school can be found on privateschoolfees.co.uk.
5/5	Certain private schools, particularly any grammar school operated apart from the personal lands of its students or the fee-paying secondary schools which developed from or were modelled upon them; a British boarding school
===38	passenger car	4
1/4	A railroad car that carries passengers.
2/4	A road vehicle that carries passengers; a motorcar or automobile.
3/4	==DB== Passenger car (Ferris wheel).
4/4	A passenger car (known as a coach or carriage in the UK, and also known as a bogie in India) is a piece of railway rolling stock that is designed to carry passengers. The term passenger car can also be associated with a sleeping car, baggage, dining, railway post office and prisoner transport cars.
===39	power plant	3
1/3	The portion of a vehicle devoted to providing energy for motion; the engine or motor.  A train without the [[power plant]] is just a bunch of metal boxes on wheels.
2/3	A power station, also referred to as a generating station, power plant, powerhouse, or generating plant, is an industrial facility for the generation of electric power. Most power stations contain one or more generators, a rotating machine that converts mechanical power into electrical power. The relative motion between a magnetic field and a conductor creates an electrical current. The energy source harnessed to turn the generator varies widely. Most power stations in the world burn fossil fuels such as coal, oil, and natural gas to generate electricity. Others use nuclear power, but there is an increasing use of cleaner renewable sources such as solar, wind, wave and hydroelectric.
3/3	A station built for the production of electric power; a power station.  All of this areas power comes from the nuclear [[power plant]] across the river.
===40	printing press	3
1/3	A printing press is a device for applying pressure to an inked surface resting upon a print medium (such as paper or cloth), thereby transferring the ink. Typically used for texts, the invention and spread of the printing press was one of the most influential events in the second millennium revolutionizing the way people conceive and describe the world they live in, and ushering in the period of modernity. The printing press was invented in the Holy Roman Empire by the German Johannes Gutenberg around 1440, based on existing screw presses. Gutenberg, a goldsmith by profession, developed a complete printing system, which perfected the printing process through all of its stages by adapting existing technologies to the printing purposes, as well as making groundbreaking inventions of his own. His newly devised hand mould made for the first time possible the precise and rapid creation of metal movable type in large quantities, a key element in the profitability of the whole printing enterprise. The printing press spread within several decades to over two hundred cities in a dozen European countries. By 1500, printing presses in operation throughout Western Europe had already produced more than twenty million volumes. In the 16th century, with presses spreading further afield, their output rose tenfold to an estimated 150 to 200 million copies. The operation of a press became so synonymous with the enterprise of printing that it lent its name to an entire new branch of media, the press. In Renaissance Europe, the arrival of mechanical movable type printing introduced the era of mass communication which permanently altered the structure of society: The relatively unrestricted circulation of information and (revolutionary) ideas transcended borders, captured the masses in the Reformation and threatened the power of political and religious authorities; the sharp increase in literacy broke the monopoly of the literate elite on education and learning and bolstered the emerging middle class. Across Europe, the increasing cultural self-awareness of its peoples led to the rise of proto-nationalism, accelerated by the flowering of the European vernacular languages to the detriment of Latin's status as lingua franca. In the 19th century, the replacement of the hand-operated Gutenberg-style press by steam-powered rotary presses allowed printing on an industrial scale, while Western-style printing was adopted all over the world, becoming practically the sole medium for modern bulk printing.
2/3	A mechanical device used for printing text or images repeatedly
3/3	An organisation or factory containing such a machine
===41	question mark	3
1/3	The question mark [ ? ] (also known as interrogation point, query, or eroteme in journalism) is a punctuation mark that indicates an interrogative clause or phrase in many languages. The question mark is not used for indirect questions. The question mark glyph is also often used in place of missing or unknown data. In Unicode, it is encoded at U+003F ? QUESTION MARK (HTML &#63;).
2/3	A state of doubt or uncertainty.  There’s a question mark over whether or not he’ll be fit for the next game.
3/3	The punctuation mark ⟨?⟩, used at the end of a sentence to indicate a question.
===42	energy level	3
1/3	My energy levels have dropped since I stopped exercising.
2/3	any of the discrete stable energies that a quantum mechanical system (such as the electrons of an atom) can have
3/3	A quantum mechanical system or particle that is bound—that is, confined spatially—can only take on certain discrete values of energy. This contrasts with classical particles, which can have any energy. These discrete values are called energy levels. The term is commonly used for the energy levels of electrons in atoms, ions, or molecules, which are bound by the electric field of the nucleus, but can also refer to energy levels of nuclei or vibrational or rotational energy levels in molecules. The energy spectrum of a system with such discrete energy levels is said to be quantized. In chemistry and atomic physics, an electron shell, or a principal energy level, may be thought of as an orbit followed by electrons around an atom's nucleus. The closest shell to the nucleus is called the "1 shell" (also called "K shell"), followed by the "2 shell" (or "L shell"), then the "3 shell" (or "M shell"), and so on farther and farther from the nucleus. The shells correspond with the principal quantum numbers (n = 1, 2, 3, 4 ...) or are labeled alphabetically with letters used in the X-ray notation (K, L, M, …). Each shell can contain only a fixed number of electrons: The first shell can hold up to two electrons, the second shell can hold up to eight (2 + 6) electrons, the third shell can hold up to 18 (2 + 6 + 10) and so on. The general formula is that the nth shell can in principle hold up to 2(n2) electrons. Since electrons are electrically attracted to the nucleus, an atom's electrons will generally occupy outer shells only if the more inner shells have already been completely filled by other electrons. However, this is not a strict requirement: atoms may have two or even three incomplete outer shells. (See Madelung rule for more details.) For an explanation of why electrons exist in these shells see electron configuration. If the potential energy is set to zero at infinite distance from the atomic nucleus or molecule, the usual convention, then bound electron states have negative potential energy. If an atom, ion, or molecule is at the lowest possible energy level, it and its electrons are said to be in the ground state. If it is at a higher energy level, it is said to be excited, or any electrons that have higher energy than the ground state are excited. If more than one quantum mechanical state is at the same energy, the energy levels are "degenerate". They are then called degenerate energy levels.
===43	risk assessment	3
1/3	The overall process of identifying all the risks to and from an activity and assessing the potential impact of each risk.
2/3	The determination of the potential impact of an individual risk by measuring or otherwise assessing both the likelihood that it will occur and the impact if it should occur, and then combining the result according to an agreed rule to give a single measure of potential impact.
3/3	Risk assessment is the determination of quantitative or qualitative estimate of risk related to a well-defined situation and a recognized threat (also called hazard). Quantitative risk assessment requires calculations of two components of risk (R): the magnitude of the potential loss (L), and the probability (p) that the loss will occur. An acceptable risk is a risk that is understood and tolerated usually because the cost or difficulty of implementing an effective countermeasure for the associated vulnerability exceeds the expectation of loss. "Health risk assessment" includes variations, such as risk as the type and severity of response, with or without a probabilistic context. In all types of engineering of complex systems sophisticated risk assessments are often made within safety engineering and reliability engineering when it concerns threats to life, environment or machine functioning. The nuclear, aerospace, oil, rail and military industries have a long history of dealing with risk assessment. Also, medical, hospital, social service and food industries control risks and perform risk assessments on a continual basis. Methods for assessment of risk may differ between industries and whether it pertains to general financial decisions or environmental, ecological, or public health risk assessment.
===44	shock wave	3
1/3	Any violent disturbance.
2/3	A powerful compression wave produced by the movement of a body through a fluid or gas at a velocity greater than the local speed of sound.
3/3	In physics, a shock wave (also spelled shockwave), or shock, is a type of propagating disturbance. When a wave moves faster than the local speed of sound in a fluid it is a shock wave. Like an ordinary wave, a shock wave carries energy, and can propagate through a medium; however it is characterized by an abrupt, nearly discontinuous change in pressure, temperature and density of the medium. In supersonic flows, expansion is achieved through an expansion fan also known as a Prandtl-Meyer expansion fan. Unlike solitons (another kind of nonlinear wave), the energy of a shock wave dissipates relatively quickly with distance. Also, the accompanying expansion wave approaches and eventually merges with the shock wave, partially cancelling it out. Thus the sonic boom associated with the passage of a supersonic aircraft is the sound wave resulting from the degradation and merging of the shock wave and the expansion wave produced by the aircraft. When a shock wave passes through matter, energy is preserved but entropy increases. This change in the matter's properties manifests itself as a decrease in the energy which can be extracted as work, and as a drag force on supersonic objects; shock waves are strongly irreversible processes.
===45	stock exchange	3
1/3	A stock exchange or bourse is an exchange where stock brokers and traders can buy and/or sell stocks (also called shares), bonds, and other securities. Stock exchanges may also provide facilities for issue and redemption of securities and other financial instruments, and capital events including the payment of income and dividends. Securities traded on a stock exchange include stock issued by listed companies, unit trusts, derivatives, pooled investment products and bonds. Stock exchanges often function as "continuous auction" markets, with buyers and sellers consummating transactions at a central location, such as the floor of the exchange. To be able to trade a security on a certain stock exchange, it must be listed there. Usually, there is a central location at least for record keeping, but trade is increasingly less linked to such a physical place, as modern markets use electronic networks, which gives them advantages of increased speed and reduced cost of transactions. Trade on an exchange is restricted to brokers who are members of the exchange. In recent years, various other trading venues, such as electronic communication networks, alternative trading systems and "dark pools" have taken much of the trading activity away from traditional stock exchanges. The initial public offering of stocks and bonds to investors is by definition done in the primary market and subsequent trading is done in the secondary market. A stock exchange is often the most important component of a stock market. Supply and demand in stock markets are driven by various factors that, as in all free markets, affect the price of stocks (see stock valuation). There is usually no obligation for stock to be issued via the stock exchange itself, nor must stock be subsequently traded on the exchange. Such trading may be off exchange or over-the-counter. This is the usual way that derivatives and bonds are traded. Increasingly, stock exchanges are part of a global securities market.
2/3	A building that trades stocks in of companies for money and vice versa.
3/3	An organisation that trades stocks in of companies for money and vice versa.
===46	television station	4
1/4	A radio frequency or band assigned to a television broadcaster.
2/4	A television station is a business, organisation or other enterprise, such as an amateur television (ATV) operator, that transmits (broadcasts) content over terrestrial television. A television transmission can occur via analog television signals or, more recently, via digital television signals. Broadcast television systems standards are set by the government, and these vary around the world. Television stations broadcasting over an analog system were typically limited to one television channel, but digital television enables broadcasting via subchannels as well. The term "television station" is normally applied to terrestrial television stations, and not to cable television or satellite television broadcasting. Television stations usually require a broadcast license from a government agency which sets the requirements and limitations on the station. In the United States, for example, a television license defines the broadcast range, or geographic area, that the station is limited to, allocates the broadcast frequency of the radio spectrum for that station's transmissions, sets limits on what types of television programs can be programmed for broadcast, and requires a station to broadcast a minimum amount of certain programs types, such as public affairs messages, among other conditions. Most commercial television stations are owned independently, but many are either affiliated with a television network or are owned-and-operated (O&O) by a television network. Another form a television station may take is non-commercial educational (NCE) and considered public broadcasting. To avoid concentration of media ownership of television stations, government regulations in most countries generally limit the ownership of television stations by television networks or other media operators, but these regulations vary considerably. Some countries have set up nationwide television networks, in which individual television stations act as mere repeaters of nationwide programs. In those countries, the local television station has no station identification and, from a consumer's point of view, there is no practical distinction between a network and a station, with only small regional changes in programming, such as local television news.
3/4	A studio or building from where a television channel is broadcast.
4/4	An organization which operates a television channel.
===47	trust fund	3
1/3	A trust is a relationship whereby property is held by one party for the benefit of another. A trust is created by a settlor, who transfers property to a trustee. The trustee holds that property for the trust's beneficiaries. Trusts exist mainly in common law jurisdictions and similar systems existed since Roman times. An owner of property that places property into trust turns over part of his or her bundle of rights to the trustee, separating the property's legal ownership and control from its equitable ownership and benefits. This may be done for tax avoidance reasons or to control the property and its benefits if the settlor is absent, incapacitated, or dead. Trusts are frequently created in wills, defining how money and property will be handled for children or other beneficiaries. The trustee is given legal title to the trust property, but is obligated to act for the good of the beneficiaries. The trustee may be compensated and have expenses reimbursed, but otherwise must turn over all profits from the trust properties. Trustees who violate this fiduciary duty are self-dealing. Courts can reverse self dealing actions, order profits returned, and impose other sanctions. The trustee may be either a individual, a company, or a public body. There may be a single trustee or multiple co-trustees. The trust is governed by the terms under which it was created. In most jurisdictions, this requires a contractual trust agreement or deed.
2/3	Loosely, a substantial inheritance of money.
3/3	Property held by a trustee in a trust established by a grantor for a beneficiary.
===48	ice cap	3
1/3	An ice pack designed to be worn on the head.
2/3	A permanent expanse of ice encompassing a large geographical area, e.g. in Earth's polar zones or at high elevation.  The ocean beneath the arctic ice cap hosts many unique organisms adapted to the cold and shortage of light.   The ice cap of Kilimanjaro is shrinking, and some researchers believe it will disappear within the next one hundred years.
3/3	An  ice cap is an ice mass that covers less than 50,000 km² of land area (usually covering a highland area). Larger ice masses covering more than 50,000 km² are termed ice sheets. Ice caps are not constrained by topographical features (i.e., they will lie over the top of mountains). By contrast, ice masses of similar size that are constrained by topographical features are known as ice fields. The dome of an ice cap is usually centred on the highest point of a massif. Ice flows away from this high point (the ice divide) towards the ice cap's periphery. Ice caps have significant effects on the geomorphology of the area they occupy. Plastic moulding, gouging and other glacial erosional features become present upon the glacier's retreat. Many lakes, such as the Great Lakes in North America, as well as numerous valleys have been formed by glacial action over hundreds of thousands of years. On Earth, there are about 30 million km³ of total ice mass. The average temperature of an ice mass ranges between −20 °C and −30 °C. The core of an ice cap exhibits a constant temperature that ranges between −15 °C and −20 °C. A high-latitude region covered in ice, though strictly not an ice cap (since they exceed the maximum area specified in the definition above), are called polar ice caps; the usage of this designation is widespread in the mass media and arguably recognized by experts.Vatnajökull is an example of an ice cap in Iceland.
===49	high school	3
1/3	A secondary school, often referred to as a high school or a senior high school, is a school which provides secondary education, between the ages of 11 and 19 depending on location, after primary school and before higher education.
2/3	secondary school
3/3	An institution which provides all or part of secondary education.
===50	jet engine	3
1/3	A jet engine is a reaction engine discharging a fast-moving jet that generates thrust by jet propulsion. This broad definition includes turbojets, turbofans, rocket engines, ramjets, and pulse jets. In general, jet engines are combustion engines. In common parlance, the term jet engine loosely refers to an internal combustion airbreathing jet engine. These typically feature a rotating air compressor powered by a turbine, with the leftover power providing thrust via a propelling nozzle — this process is known as the Brayton thermodynamic cycle. Jet aircraft use such engines for long-distance travel. Early jet aircraft used turbojet engines which were relatively inefficient for subsonic flight. Modern subsonic jet aircraft usually use more complex high-bypass turbofan engines. These engines offer high speed and greater fuel efficiency than piston and propeller aeroengines over long distances. The thrust of a typical jetliner engine went from 5,000 lbf (22,000 N) (de Havilland Ghost turbojet ) in the 1950s to 115,000 lbf (510,000 N) (General Electric GE90 turbofan) in the 1990s, and their reliability went from 40 in-flight shutdowns per 100,000 engine flight hours to less than one in the late 1990s. This, combined with greatly decreased fuel consumption, permitted routine transatlantic flight by twin-engined airliners by the turn of the century, where before a similar journey would have required multiple fuel stops.
2/3	any engine propelled by expelling a high speed fluid jet (jet propulsion), such as a rocket, turbojet, turbofan, ramjet etc.
3/3	an engine that obtains thrust by taking in air at the front, using it to burn fuel, then ejecting the hot combustion products at the rear through a propulsive nozzle
===51	test case	3
1/3	A legal action intended to set a precedent.
2/3	Any of a set of conditions and variables used to test an application.
3/3	A test case, in software engineering, is a set of conditions under which a tester will determine whether an application, software system or one of its features is working as it was originally established for it to do. The mechanism for determining whether a software program or system has passed or failed such a test is known as a test oracle. In some settings, an oracle could be a requirement or use case, while in others it could be a heuristic. It may take many test cases to determine that a software program or system is considered sufficiently scrutinized to be released. Test cases are often referred to as test scripts, particularly when written - when they are usually collected into test suites.
===52	treasure chest	3
1/3	The chest that held the royal treasury.
2/3	A buried treasure is an important part of the popular beliefs surrounding pirates and Old West outlaws. According to popular conception, criminals and others often buried their stolen fortunes in remote places, intending to return for them later, often with the use of treasure maps.
3/3	A chest filled with treasure, especially one used by pirates etc.
===53	front yard	3
1/3	A enclosed and often primarily utilitarian area to the front of a house or similar residence, typically having a hard surface or paving.
2/3	A yard to the front of a house or similar residence, typically having a lawn and often trees, shrubs, and/or flowers.
3/3	On a residential block of land a front yard (United States, Canada, Australia) or front garden (United Kingdom, Europe) or front lawn is the portion of land between the street and the front of the house, a type of yard.
===54	exchange rate	3
1/3	The amount of one currency that a person or institution defines as equivalent to another when either buying or selling it at any particular moment
2/3	In finance, an exchange rate (also known as a foreign-exchange rate, forex rate, ER, FX rate or Agio) between two currencies is the rate at which one currency will be exchanged for another. It is also regarded as the value of one country’s currency in relation to another currency. For example, an interbank exchange rate of 119 Japanese yen (JPY, ¥) to the United States dollar (US$) means that ¥119 will be exchanged for each US$1 or that US$1 will be exchanged for each ¥119. In this case it is said that the price of a dollar in relation to yen is ¥119, or equivalently that the price of a yen in relation to dollars is $1/119. Exchange rates are determined in the foreign exchange market, which is open to a wide range of different types of buyers and sellers, and where currency trading is continuous: 24 hours a day except weekends, i.e. trading from 20:15 GMT on Sunday until 22:00 GMT Friday. The spot exchange rate refers to the current exchange rate. The forward exchange rate refers to an exchange rate that is quoted and traded today but for delivery and payment on a specific future date. In the retail currency exchange market, different buying and selling rates will be quoted by money dealers. Most trades are to or from the local currency. The buying rate is the rate at which money dealers will buy foreign currency, and the selling rate is the rate at which they will sell that currency. The quoted rates will incorporate an allowance for a dealer's margin (or profit) in trading, or else the margin may be recovered in the form of a commission or in some other way. Different rates may also be quoted for cash (usually notes only), a documentary form (such as traveler's cheques) or electronically (such as a credit card purchase). The higher rate on documentary transactions has been justified as compensating for the additional time and cost of clearing the document. On the other hand, cash is available for resale immediately, but brings security, storage, and transportation costs, and the cost of tying up capital in a stock of banknotes (bills).
3/3	The rate at which one currency can be exchanged for another, usually expressed as the value of the one in terms of the other.
===55	real estate	3
1/3	Real estate is "property consisting of land and the buildings on it, along with its natural resources such as crops, minerals or water; immovable property of this nature; an interest vested in this (also) an item of real property, (more generally) buildings or housing in general. Also: the business of real estate; the profession of buying, selling, or renting land, buildings or housing."It is a legal term used in jurisdictions such as the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, India, Pakistan, Australia, and New Zealand.
2/3	Space used for a particular purpose.
3/3	Property that cannot easily be moved, usually buildings and the ground they are built on.
===56	sand trap	3
1/3	==DB== Sand trap.
2/3	A basin that prevents the passage of sand etc into a drainage system.
3/3	A sand-filled hollow, on a golf course, used as a hazard; a bunker.
===57	air conditioning	3
1/3	Air conditioning (often referred to as AC, A.C., or A/C) is the process of removing heat from a confined space, thus cooling the air, and removing humidity. This process is used to achieve a more comfortable interior environments, typically for humans or animals; however, air conditioners are also used to cool rooms filled with heat-producing electronic devices, such as computer servers or power amplifiers. Air conditioners often use a fan to distribute the conditioned air to an occupied space such as a building or a car to improve thermal comfort and indoor air quality. Electric refrigerant-based AC units range from small units that can cool a small bedroom, which can be carried by a single adult to massive units installed on the roof of office towers that can cool an entire building. The cooling is typically achieved through a refrigeration cycle, but sometimes evaporation or free cooling is used. Air conditioning systems can also be made based on desiccants. (chemicals which remove moisture from the air) In the most general sense, air conditioning can refer to any form of technology that modifies the condition of air (heating, cooling, (de-)humidification, cleaning, ventilation, or air movement). In common usage, though, "air conditioning" refers to systems which cool air. In construction, a complete system of heating, ventilation, and air conditioning is referred to as heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC – as opposed to AC).
2/3	The state of temperature and humidity produced by an air conditioner.
3/3	An air conditioner or system of air conditioners.  This car has air conditioning.
===58	blood pressure	3
1/3	The measurement of a person's blood pressure, expressed as systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure readings.  The nurse spent all day taking blood pressures at the hospital.
2/3	The pressure exerted by the blood against the walls of the arteries and veins; it varies during the heartbeat cycle, and according to a person's age, health and physical condition.  the great majority of people who have serious conditions from high blood pressure suffer debilitating illness
3/3	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure exerted by circulating blood upon the walls of blood vessels. When used without further specification, "blood pressure" usually refers to the arterial pressure in the systemic circulation. Blood pressure is usually expressed in terms of the systolic (maximum) pressure over diastolic (minimum) pressure and is measured in millimeters of mercury (mmHg). It is one of the vital signs along with respiratory rate, heart rate, oxygen saturation, and body temperature. Normal resting systolic (diastolic) blood pressure in an adult is approximately 120 mmHg (80 mmHg), abbreviated "120/80 mmHg". Blood pressure varies depending on situation, activity, and disease states. It is regulated by the nervous and endocrine systems. Blood pressure that is low due to a disease state is called hypotension, and pressure that is consistently high is hypertension. Both have many causes which can range from mild to severe. Both may be of sudden onset or of long duration. Long term hypertension is a risk factor for many diseases, including heart disease, stroke and kidney failure. Long term hypertension is more common than long term hypotension in Western countries. Long term hypertension often goes undetected because of infrequent monitoring and the absence of symptoms.
===59	keyboard instrument	4
1/4	Any musical instrument which features a keyboard, such as a piano, synthesizer or celesta.
2/4	Any musical instrument (a chordophone) that uses a keyboard to manipulate strings which produce sound, including a piano.
3/4	Any musical instrument that produces sound directly from the manipulation of a keyboard by the performer, including a piano and a celesta.
4/4	A keyboard instrument is a musical instrument played using a keyboard. The most common of these are the piano, organ, and various electronic keyboards, including synthesizers and digital pianos. Other keyboard instruments include celestas, which are struck idiophones operated by a keyboard, and carillons, which are usually housed in bell towers or belfries of churches or municipal buildings. Today, the term keyboard often refers to keyboard-style synthesizers. Under the fingers of a sensitive performer, the keyboard may also be used to control dynamics, phrasing, shading, articulation, and other elements of expression—depending on the design and inherent capabilities of the instrument. Another important use of the word keyboard is in historical musicology, where it means an instrument whose identity cannot be firmly established. Particularly in the 18th century, the harpsichord, the clavichord, and the early piano were in competition, and the same piece might be played on more than one. Hence in a phrase like "Mozart excelled as a keyboard player" the word keyboard is usefully noncommittal.
===60	blood test	3
1/3	A blood test is a laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample that is usually extracted from a vein in the arm using a needle, or via fingerprick. Multiple tests for specific blood components (such as a glucose test or a cholesterol test) are often grouped together into one test panel called a blood panel or blood work. Blood tests are often used in health care to determine physiological and biochemical states, such as disease, mineral content, pharmaceutical drug effectiveness, and organ function. Typical clinical blood panels include a basic metabolic panel or a complete blood count. Blood tests are also used in drug tests to detect drug abuse. In some of the United States, a blood test is required before marriage; historically, this was previously true in more states. On 30 October 2015, researchers at the VUMC Cancer Center Amsterdam reported developing a blood test that, from a single drop of blood, can diagnose cancer with a probability of 97%, and about 6-8% probability of a false diagnosis, in healthy patients.
2/3	An analysis of blood performed on two subjects to determine whether they are biologically related, such as a paternity test.
3/3	A serologic analysis of a sample of blood; a test in which blood is removed from a subject and analyzed to determine the presence or levels of any of a variety of substances which indicate whether the subject has health problems.
===61	milk jug	3
1/3	A woman's breast.
2/3	Milk bottles are bottles used for milk. They may be reusable glass bottles used mainly for doorstep delivery of fresh milk by milkmen. Customers are expected to rinse the empty bottles and leave on the doorstep for collection. The standard size of a bottle varies with location; common sizes are 1 pint or 1 quart, although cream may be delivered in smaller bottles. More recently, plastic bottles have been commonly used for milk. These are often made of high-density polyethylene (HDPE), are used only once, and are easily recycleable.
3/3	A jug for holding milk.
===62	building site	4
1/4	A messy, disorganized area.
2/4	Construction is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure. Construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser, while construction typically takes place on location for a known client. Construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries.Construction starts with planning, design, and financing; and continues until the project is built and ready for use. Large-scale construction requires collaboration across multiple disciplines. An architect normally manages the job, and a construction manager, design engineer, construction engineer or project manager supervises it. For the successful execution of a project, effective planning is essential. Those involved with the design and execution of the infrastructure in question must consider zoning requirements, the environmental impact of the job, the successful scheduling, budgeting, construction-site safety, availability and transportation of building materials, logistics, inconvenience to the public caused by construction delays and bidding, etc. The largest construction projects are referred to as megaprojects.
3/4	The site, the place where a building is located, is currently under construction, or shall be constructed.
4/4	The site of a former structure, indicated by an assemblage of features, artifacts or debris, remote-sensing data, or historic records (e.g., deed records).
===63	capital gain	3
1/3	An amount by which the value or the proceeds of the sale of a capital asset by its owner exceed its cost to the owner.
2/3	An increase in the value of a capital asset
3/3	A capital gain is a profit that results from a sale of a capital asset, such as stock, bond or real estate, where the sale price exceeds the purchase price. The gain is the difference between a higher selling price and a lower purchase price. Conversely, a capital loss arises if the proceeds from the sale of a capital asset are less than the purchase price. Capital gains may refer to "investment income" that arises in relation to real assets, such as property; financial assets, such as shares/stocks or bonds; and intangible assets.
===64	bottom line	4
1/4	The final balance; the amount of money or profit left after everything has been tallied.
2/4	The Bottom Line was a music venue at 15 West 4th Street between Mercer Street and Greene Street in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. During the 1970s and 1980s the club was a major space for small-scale popular music performances.
3/4	In business, net income (total comprehensive income, net earnings, net profit, informally, bottom line) is an entity's income minus cost of goods sold, expenses and taxes for an accounting period. It is computed as the residual of all revenues and gains over all expenses and losses for the period, and has also been defined as the net increase in shareholders' equity that results from a company's operations. In the context of the presentation of financial statements, the IFRS Foundation defines net income as synonymous with profit and loss. Net income is a distinct accounting concept from profit. Net income can also be calculated by adding a company's operating income to non-operating income and then subtracting off taxes.
4/4	The summary or result; the most important information  The bottom line is that there simply are not enough hours in the day to finish all there is to do.  {{syn|en|upshot|net-net}}
===65	cash flow	3
1/3	A statement of such transactions.
2/3	The sum of cash revenues and expenditures over a period of time.
3/3	A cash flow describes a real or virtual movement of money:  * a cash flow in its narrow sense is a payment (in a currency), especially from one central bank account to another; the term 'cash flow' is mostly used to describe payments that are expected to happen in the future, are thus uncertain and therefore need to be forecasted with cash flows;   * a cash flow is determined by its time t, nominal amount N, currency CCY and account A; symbolically CF = CF(t,N,CCY,A).  *  it is however popular to use cash flow in a less specified sense describing (symbolic) payments into or out of a business, project, or financial product. Cash flows are narrowly interconnected with the concepts of value, interest rate and liquidity.A cash flow that shall happen on a future day tN can be transformed into a cash flow of the same value in t0. Cash flow analysis Cash flows are often transformed into measures that give information e.g. on a company's value and situation:  * to determine a project's rate of return or value. The time of cash flows into and out of projects are used as inputs in financial models such as internal rate of return and net present value.  * to determine problems with a business's liquidity. Being profitable does not necessarily mean being liquid. A company can fail because of a shortage of cash even while profitable.  * as an alternative measure of a business's profits when it is believed that accrual accounting concepts do not represent economic realities. For instance, a company may be notionally profitable but generating little operational cash (as may be the case for a company that barters its products rather than selling for cash). In such a case, the company may be deriving additional operating cash by issuing shares or raising additional debt finance.  * cash flow can be used to evaluate the 'quality' of income generated by accrual accounting. When net income is composed of large non-cash items it is considered low quality.  * to evaluate the risks within a financial product, e.g., matching cash requirements, evaluating default risk, re-investment requirements, etc. Cash flow notion is based loosely on cash flow statement accounting standards. the term is flexible and can refer to time intervals spanning over past-future. It can refer to the total of all flows involved or a subset of those flows. Subset terms include net cash flow, operating cash flow and free cash flow. Symptoms of cash flow problems. There are many reasons a business can suffer cash flow problems – some are down to mismanagement and poor decisions, and in some cases factors outside of your control. Any of the following symptoms can indicate that a business is experiencing cash flow problems:  *  Up to overdraft limit – no headroom / returned payments  *  Stretch to pay salaries each month  *  Trade creditor arrears  *  Taxation arrears   *  Rent arrears  *  No working capital ‘buffer’ – surviving day to day  *  Negative working capital on balance sheet – over geared / losses?  *  Lack of funds for remedial action (redundancies / premises relocation)  *  Lack of profitability – insufficient to support owner / manager’s lifestyle  *  Unable to pay for professional advice Cash flow problems can be avoided through good credit management; the Chartered Institute of Credit Management has produced a series of Managing Cash flow Guides which are available on its website (see references) which have been dowloaded more than 500,000 times at December 2015
===66	chief executive	5
1/5	The head of government or head of state.
2/5	Chief executive officer.
3/5	A chief executive officer (CEO) in American English or managing director (MD) in British English describes the position of the most senior corporate officer, executive, leader or administrator in charge of managing an organization. CEOs lead a range of organizations, including public and private corporations, non-profit organizations and even some government organizations (e.g., Crown corporations). The CEO of a corporation or company typically reports to the board of directors and is charged with maximizing the value of the entity, which may include maximizing the share price, market share, revenues, or another element. In the non-profit and government sector, CEOs typically aim at achieving outcomes related to the organization's mission, such as reducing poverty, increasing literacy, etc. Titles also often given to the holder of CEO position include president and chief executive (CE).
4/5	The governor of a U.S. state.
5/5	The president of the United States.
===67	stock market	3
1/3	A cattle market.
2/3	A stock market, equity market or share market is the aggregation of buyers and sellers (a loose network of economic transactions, not a physical facility or discrete entity) of stocks (also called shares); these may include securities listed on a stock exchange as well as those only traded privately.
3/3	A market for the trading of company stock.
===68	city block	3
1/3	A city block, urban block or simply block is a central element of urban planning and urban design. A city block is the smallest area that is surrounded by streets. City blocks are the space for buildings within the street pattern of a city, and form the basic unit of a city's urban fabric. City blocks may be subdivided into any number of smaller land lots usually in private ownership, though in some cases, it may be other forms of tenure. City blocks are usually built-up to varying degrees and thus form the physical containers or 'streetwalls' of public space. Most cities are composed of a greater or lesser variety of sizes and shapes of urban block. For example, many pre-industrial cores of cities in Europe, Asia and the Middle-east tend to have irregularly shaped street patterns and urban blocks, while cities based on grids have much more regular arrangements.
2/3	The smallest part of a town enclosed by streets.  The store is huge, occupying an entire city block.
3/3	The distance from one urban street to the next, or an approximately comparable distance.  In Lawrence, a mile is generally 12 city blocks east-west or 8 blocks north-south.   Go along that road for about a city block, and you should see an old barn.
===69	city hall	3
1/3	In local government, a city hall, town hall, civic centre, (in the UK or Australia) a guildhall, a Rathaus (German), or (more rarely) a municipal building, is the chief administrative building of a city, town, or other municipality. It usually houses the city or town council, its associated departments, and their employees. It also usually functions as the base of the mayor of a city, town, borough, or county / shire. By convention, until the mid 19th-century, a single large open chamber (or 'hall') formed an integral part of the building housing the council. The hall may be used for council meetings and other significant events. This large chamber, the 'town hall', (and its later variant 'city hall') has become synonymous with the whole building, and with the administrative body housed in it. The terms 'council chambers', 'municipal building' or variants may be used locally in preference to 'town hall' if no such large hall is present within the building. The local government may endeavor to use the town hall building to promote and enhance the quality of life of the community. In many cases, "'town halls' serve not only as buildings for government functions, but also have facilities for various civic and cultural activities. These may include art shows, stage performances, exhibits and festivals. Modern town halls or "civic centres" are often designed with a great variety and flexibility of purpose in mind. As symbols of local government, city and town halls have distinctive architecture, and the buildings may have great historical significance - for example the Guildhall, London. City hall buildings may also serve as cultural icons that symbolize their cities.
2/3	The building that houses a city's government. {{ux|en|The vice-mayor has an office on the third floor of city hall.}}
3/3	The city government; government in general. {{ux|en|You can't fight city hall.}}
===70	customer service	3
1/3	A department that provides services to existing customers.
2/3	Customer service is the provision of service to customers before, during and after a purchase. The perception of success of such interactions is dependent on employees "who can adjust themselves to the personality of the guest".Customer service concerns the priority an organization assigns to customer service relative to components such as product innovation and pricing. In this sense, an organization that values good customer service may spend more money in training employees than the average organization or may proactively interview customers for feedback. From the point of view of an overall sales process engineering effort, customer service plays an important role in an organization's ability to generate income and revenue. From that perspective, customer service should be included as part of an overall approach to systematic improvement. One good customer service experience can change the entire perception a customer holds towards the organization.
3/3	The act of providing services to customers before, during and after a purchase.
===71	disaster area	3
1/3	An area that looks like one that has suffered a natural disaster.  Your room is a disaster area.
2/3	A disaster area is a region or a locale, heavily damaged by either natural, technological or social hazards. Disaster areas affect the population living in the community by dramatic increase in expense, loss of energy, food and services; and finally increase the risk of disease for citizens. An area that has been struck with a natural, technological or sociological hazard that opens the affected area for national or international aid.
3/3	An area that has been the site of a natural disaster that receives an official designation entitling residents and organizations within that area to receive relief and benefits.  Much of the central Gulf Coast was declared a disaster area after hurricane Katrina.
===72	discount rate	4
1/4	An interest rate that a central bank charges depository institutions that borrow reserves from it.
2/4	The interest rate used to discount future cashflows of a financial instrument; the annual interest rate used to decrease the amounts of future cashflows to yield their present value.
3/4	Social discount rate (SDR) is the discount rate used in computing the value of funds spent on social projects. Determining this rate is not always easy and can be the subject of discrepancies in the true net benefit to certain projects, plans and policies.
4/4	The annual effective discount rate expresses the amount of interest paid/earned as a percentage of the balance at the end of the (annual) period. This is in contrast to the effective rate of interest, which expresses the amount of interest as a percentage of the balance at the start of the period. The discount rate is commonly used for U.S. Treasury bills and similar financial instruments. For example, consider a government bond that sells for $95 and pays $100 in a year's time. The discount rate is The interest rate is calculated using 95 as the base For every effective interest rate, there is a corresponding effective discount rate, given by or inversely, Given the above equation relating to it follows that where is the discount factor or equivalently, Since ,it can readily be shown that This relationship has an interesting verbal interpretation. A person can either borrow 1 and repay 1 + i at the end of the period or borrow 1 - d and repay 1 at the end of the period. The expression i - d is the difference in the amount of interest paid. This difference arises because the principal borrowed differs by d. Interest on amount d for one period at rate i is id.
===73	domino effect	3
1/3	A domino effect or chain reaction is the cumulative effect produced when one event sets off a chain of similar events. The term is best known as a mechanical effect, and is used as an analogy to a falling row of dominoes. It typically refers to a linked sequence of events where the time between successive events is relatively small. It can be used literally (an observed series of actual collisions) or metaphorically (causal linkages within systems such as global finance or politics).
2/3	The theory that, if South Vietnam fell to Communism, it would be followed by Cambodia, Laos, and additional South Asian countries.
3/3	The situation in which one event sets off a chain of additional events.
===74	center stage	10
1/10	Center Stage is an American television anthology series that aired in 1954 on the American Broadcasting Company as a summer replacement for The Motorola Television Hour. It aired on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) on alternate weeks from June 1, 1954 to September 21, 1954, swapping airings with the U.S. Steel Hour. The series was produced by Herbert Brodkin. There were nine episodes, one of which was written by Rod Serling. Among its stars were Walter Matthau, Charles Coburn, Lee Marvin, and Vivian Blaine.
2/10	Center Stage is a live album by the Australian musician Tommy Emmanuel, released in 2008. It contains two CDs, and is the 21st album he released.
3/10	Center Stage Atlanta is a mid-sized concert complex comprising three separate venues and located at 1374 West Peachtree Street NW in the heart of Midtown Atlanta, Georgia. Originally known as Theatre Atlanta, the concert hall was built in memorial to a young theater enthusiast. Upon its opening in the fall of 1966, the building functioned as a performing arts theater, but has since become primarily music-focused. Center Stage Atlanta is made up of three venues differing in size and character: Vinyl, The Loft, and Center Stage Theater.
4/10	Center Stage is the state theater of Maryland, and Baltimore's largest professional producing theater. Center Stage began in a converted gymnasium in 1963 as a full arena theatre that seated 240 people. Center Stage houses two performing spaces, the 541-seat Pearlstone and the smaller Head Theater, both in its home in the Mount Vernon Cultural District of Baltimore.
5/10	An important or prominent position.
6/10	Center Stage is an album by Australian-American pop singer Helen Reddy that was released in 1998 by Varèse Sarabande. Reddy describes the album as the perfect melding of two areas of her career: "the recording studio and the theatrical stage. I tried to select songs from various songwriters in different eras. I've also included (of course) a song from each of the musical shows I've performed in."
7/10	The area in the center of the stage, especially one towards the front.
8/10	Center Stage is a 2000 American teen drama film, directed by Nicholas Hytner, about a group of young dancers from various backgrounds who enroll at the fictitious American Ballet Academy in New York City. The film explores the issues and difficulties in the world of professional dance, and how each individual copes with the stresses.
9/10	Portland Center Stage (PCS) is a theater company based in Portland, Oregon, United States. Theater productions are presented at the Gerding Theater at the Armory in Portland's Pearl District. PCS was founded in 1988 as the northern sibling of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival in Ashland, Oregon. It became an independent theater in 1993 and in 1994 Elizabeth Huddle became producing artistic director. Chris Coleman took over in 2000 as the company's fourth artistic director. Coleman hired design firm Sandstrom Design to help refocus the marketing strategy of PCS and increased the variety of productions. The company began a capital campaign in 2004, and in 2006 moved into the Portland Armory, which includes two theaters, production facilities and office space. PCS puts on between seven and ten productions annually between September and June, and productions include classical, contemporary and premiere pieces. PCS has received positive commentary in regional guidebooks including Best Places Northwest, Best Places Portland and Moon Handbooks Oregon.
10/10	Center Stage: Turn It Up is a 2008 dance drama film. The film is a sequel to the 2000 film Center Stage. The film was directed by Steven Jacobson and written by Karen Bloch Morse. The film was released on October 30, 2008 in Australia and debut on Oxygen on November 1, 2008. It stars Rachele Brooke Smith as Kate Parker and Kenny Wormald as Tommy Anderson, and also features Sarah Jayne Jensen as Suzanne Von Stroh, with Peter Gallagher and Ethan Stiefel returning from the first film as Jonathan Reeves and Cooper Nielson, respectively. The film was followed by a sequel Center Stage: On Pointe (2016).
===75	country house	4
1/4	"Country House" is a song by English alternative rock band Blur. It was released as the lead single from the band's fourth album The Great Escape on 14 August 1995. "Country House" was the first of two Blur singles to reach number one on the UK Singles Chart (the second being 1997's "Beetlebum").
2/4	A second home.
3/4	A weekend and holiday residence, located outside of urban areas, used as a retreat from city life.
4/4	An English country house is a large house or mansion in the English countryside. Such houses were often owned by individuals who also owned a town house. This allowed them to spend time in the country and in the city—hence, for these people, the term distinguished between town and country. However, the term also encompasses houses that were, and often still are, the full-time residence for the landed gentry that ruled rural Britain until the Reform Act 1832. Frequently, the formal business of the counties was transacted in these country houses. With large numbers of indoor and outdoor staff, country houses were important as places of employment for many rural communities. In turn, until the agricultural depressions of the 1870s, the estates, of which country houses were the hub, provided their owners with incomes. However, the late 19th and early 20th centuries were the swansong of the traditional English country house lifestyle. Increased taxation and the effects of World War I led to the demolition of hundreds of houses; those that remained had to adapt to survive. While a château or a schloss can be a fortified or unfortified building, a country house is usually unfortified. If fortified, it is called a castle, but not all buildings with the name 'castle' are fortified (for example Highclere Castle).
===76	add up	3
1/3	To take a sum.  Add up the prices and find out how much it will cost.
2/3	To accumulate; to amount to.  If you can save even a couple of dollars per day, it will add up to a lot over a year.
3/3	To make sense; to be reasonable or consistent.  His story just doesn't add up. Why would he have been at the restaurant the day before the event?
===77	air out	3
1/3	To throw passes, especially long and high passes.
2/3	To expose to air; to leave open or spread out, as to allow odor or moisture to dissipate.  If you air out your sleeping bag after you use it, it will smell better the next time you get in.
3/3	To discuss in the open; to address an issue or conflict that has long been avoided.
===78	aim to	2
1/2	To intend to.  I wasn't aiming to hurt you; it's just how things worked out.
2/2	He's aiming to be sure he hits the target on his first shot.
===79	add on	3
1/3	To put an expansion onto a building, usually a home.
2/3	The manufacturer sold many add ons for the basic camera.   The secretary offered a typing and copying service for theses, with the option of binding as an add on.
3/3	To incorporate (something extra, often an amount of money) into something else (often a bill).
===80	back off	3
1/3	To become less aggressive, particularly when one had appeared committed to act.  You need to back off, or the situation could turn ugly.   I was going to sue, until my legal advisors told me to back off.
2/3	To lower the setting of.  Could you back off the volume a bit? It's really loud.
3/3	To move backwards away from something.  I tried to back off slowly from the tiger in my path.
===81	back in	2
1/2	To reverse a vehicle into a space.
2/2	A betting term from French hazard
===82	bag up	2
1/2	To laugh heartily; crack up.  I couldn’t get a sentence out straight; I was baggin’ up.
2/2	to put into a bag {{ux|en|Shall I bag up your groceries for you, sir?}}
===83	attend to	2
1/2	To serve; to satisfy someone's needs as a servant would; to wait on.
2/2	To diligently work on; to pay attention to.  You should attend to your studies if you plan to succeed in the exams.
===84	bear out	2
1/2	To maintain and support to the end; to defend to the last.
2/2	To corroborate, prove, or confirm; to demonstrate; to provide evidence for.  It was a promising idea, but the evidence did not bear out their theory.
===85	beat off	5
1/5	Beat Off is the third full-length album by pop punk band The Queers.
2/5	To drive something away with blows or military force. Now often used figuratively.
3/5	Masturbation is the sexual stimulation of one's own genitals for sexual arousal or other sexual pleasure, usually to the point of orgasm. The stimulation may involve hands, fingers, everyday objects, sex toys such as vibrators, or combinations of these. Mutual masturbation (mutual manual stimulation of the genitals between partners) can be a substitute for sexual penetration. Studies have found that masturbation is frequent in humans of both sexes and all ages, although there is variation. Various medical and psychological benefits have been attributed to a healthy attitude toward sexual activity in general and to masturbation in particular. No causal relationship is known between masturbation and any form of mental or physical disorder. Masturbation has been depicted in art since prehistoric times and is mentioned and discussed in very early writings. In the 18th and 19th centuries, some European theologians and physicians described it as "heinous", "deplorable", and "hideous", but during the 20th century, these taboos generally declined. There has been an increase in discussion and portrayal of masturbation in art, popular music, television, films, and literature. Today, religions vary in their views of masturbation; some view it as a spiritually detrimental practice, some see it as not spiritually detrimental, and others take a situational view. The legal status of masturbation has also varied through history and masturbation in public is illegal in most countries. In the West, masturbation in private or with a partner is generally considered a normal and healthy part of sexual enjoyment. Animal masturbation has been observed in many species, both in the wild and in captivity.
4/5	To waste time.  I beat off at work all day; I didn't get anything done.
5/5	To masturbate, usually a man of himself.
===86	beat down	4
1/4	To haggle with someone to sell at a lower price.  I managed to beat him down to half his original asking price.
2/4	(of the sun or rain) To strike with great force.  We had to leave the beach because the sun was really beating down.   It was a ghastly morning, with the rain beating down in sheets.
3/4	Beat Down is a song by music producers Steve Aoki and Angger Dimas, featuring vocals from Australian rapper Iggy Azalea. The song was included on the re-release of Aoki's debut studio album, entitled Wonderland (Remixed), which was released on July 10, 2012.
4/4	To severely beat someone up.
===87	beat up	14
1/14	To sail to windward using a series of alternate tacks across the wind.
2/14	Repeatedly bomb a military target or targets.
3/14	A person who, or thing that, has been beaten up.
4/14	The Toasters are one of the original American third wave of ska bands. Founded in New York City in 1981, the band has released nine studio albums, primarily through Moon Ska Records.
5/14	To cause, by some other means, injuries comparable to the result of being beaten up.
6/14	An act of beating up: A raid. A beating; a hazing.
7/14	To give a severe beating to, to assault violently hitting the victim repeatedly  I got beaten up by thugs on my way home.
8/14	To feel badly guilty and accuse oneself over something. Usually followed by over or about.  Don't beat yourself up over such a minor mistake.
9/14	To go diligently about in order to get helpers or participants in an enterprise.  to beat up for recruits, or for volunteers
10/14	To attack suddenly; to alarm (largely an obsolete usage).
11/14	To get something done, derived from the idea of beating for game
12/14	An artificially or disingenuously manufactured alarm or outcry, especially one agitated by or through the media.
13/14	A tree planted later than others in a plantation.
14/14	Battered by time and usage; beaten up.
===88	bail out	8
1/8	To rescue, especially financially.  Once again, the industry got itself in trouble and government had to bail it out.
2/8	To exit an aircraft while in flight.
3/8	To remove water from a boat by scooping it out.
4/8	To leave (or not attend at all) a place or a situation, especially quickly or when the situation has become undesirable.  I'm going to bail out of class today.
5/8	To secure the release of an arrested person by providing bail money.
6/8	To sell all or part of one's holdings in stocks, real estate, a business, etc.  I'm going to bail out of stocks and buy gold instead.
7/8	To make a unscheduled voluntary termination of an underwater dive, usually implying the use of an alternative breathing gas supply.
8/8	A bailout is a colloquial term for giving financial support to a company or country which faces serious financial difficulty or bankruptcy. It may also be used to allow a failing entity to fail gracefully without spreading contagion. A bailout can, but does not necessarily, avoid an insolvency process. The term is maritime in origin being the act of removing water from a sinking vessel using a smaller bucket. A bailout differs from the term bail-in (coined in the 2010s) under which the bondholders and/or depositors of global systemically important financial institutions (G-SIFIs) are forced to participate in the process, but taxpayers supposedly are not. Some governments have the power to participate in the insolvency process: for instance, the U.S. government intervened in the General Motors bailout of 2009–2013.
===89	ball up	4
1/4	To crush into a ball shape.  She balled up her paper in frustration.
2/4	To ruin or botch.
3/4	To hunch over and pull in one's arms and legs.  Her son balls up in fear whenever there is a storm.
4/4	To coil up into a ball.  He balled up his fists, ready to fight.
===90	base on	2
1/2	To derive (a work) from.
2/2	To ground (an opinion, a conclusion, etc) on.
===91	bang on	3
1/3	Precisely accurate; exactly appropriate or fitting; spot on. {{syn|en|on the mark|on the money|spot on}}
2/3	Exactly at {{ux|en|I managed to arrive bang on five o’clock.}} {{ux|en|She’s bang on the dot, as usual.}}
3/3	To constantly talk about. {{ux|en|I started recycling, just so she’d stop banging on about it to me.}}
===92	bear off	3
1/3	To remove to a distance; to keep clear from rubbing against anything.  to bear off a blow; to bear off a boat
2/3	To restrain; to keep from approaching.
3/3	To gain; to carry off, as a prize.
===93	black out	55
1/55	In broadcasting, the term blackout refers to the non-airing of television or radio programming in a certain media market. It is particularly prevalent in the broadcasting of sports events, although other television or radio programs may be blacked out as well. Most blackout policies serve to protect local broadcasters (primarily regional sports networks) from competition by "out-of-market" networks that carry different teams, by only allowing viewers to watch non-national telecasts of teams within their designated markets (with television providers blacking out regional telecasts of teams that are outside of their market; in turn, encouraging viewers to purchase subscription-based out-of-market sports packages), and by allowing teams to black out national telecasts of games that are also being shown by a local broadcaster. By contrast, the blackout policies of the National Football League serve to encourage attendance to games instead—by only allowing them to be broadcast on television in a team's designated market if a certain percentage of their tickets are sold prior to the game.
2/55	Blackout is a bridge convention for responding to a reverse bid after a one-over-one beginning, whereby the responder can show whether or not he has better than a minimum response. Responder makes the cheapest bid from either the fourth suit or 2NT to show a hand that has no game interest. All other bids show reasonable hands, generally in the eight point range and are game-forcing. The objective of Blackout is to allow the constructive game-going hands to keep the bidding level low and give more room for the strong auctions that may lead to slams. The convention is also known as Wolff Over Reverses. Responder then rebids as follows:  *  A rebid of his own suit shows five or more cards in the suit and is forcing for one round, but does not promise any extra strength.  *  The cheapest bid of the fourth suit is forcing and 2NT shows exactly four cards in his own suit and a minimum hand for his 1-over-1.  *  The non-cheapest bid of the fourth suit is forcing and 2NT shows exactly four cards in his own suit, forcing to game but not suitable for any higher bid.  *  A preference back to the opening suit or raising the reverse-suit are both natural, game-forcing with mild slam-try or better.
3/55	Blackout - Tomorrow Will Be Too Late is a disaster thriller book by the Austrian author Marc Elsberg. Published in German in 2012, it has been translated in fifteen languages and sold a million copies worldwide. The English version will be published in February 2017. To be realistic, the book is written on the basis of interviews with intelligence and computer security officials.
4/55	In telecommunications, communications blackouts are  *  a cessation of communications or communications capability, caused by a lack of power to a communications facility or to communications equipment.  *  a total lack of radio communications capability, caused by ionospheric anomalies, e.g., during strong auroral activity or during re-entry of a spacecraft into the Earth's atmosphere.
5/55	Blackout is a children's picture book written and illustrated by John Rocco, published by Disney Hyperion in 2011. It features a New York City family during an electrical power outage. During the blackout, the lack of distraction by their technological devices leads to a renewal of the family members' connections with each other. Blackout was a 2012 Caldecott Honor Book, one runner-up for the annual Caldecott Medal. Fox 2000 has optioned it for a live-action feature.
6/55	Blackout is a 1988 American thriller film written and directed by Doug Adams and starring Gail O'Grady and Carol Lynley.
7/55	Blackout is a 2008 horror film based on the eponymous novel by Italian novelist Gianluca Morozzi, and directed by Rigoberto Castañeda. Blackout revolves around three people, one of whom is a serial killer, who are trapped in an elevator after a power blackout.
8/55	The Blackout (also written BLKOUT) were a professional wrestling stable appearing in Combat Zone Wrestling, Pro Wrestling Unplugged, and other independent companies. Though the current members in CZW are Ruckus, Alex Colon, Rich Swann, Robbie Mireno, and Chrissy Rivera, the team also competes in companies with other members, such as Joker and Eddie Kingston.
9/55	Blackout is an album released by The Brilliant Green on September 9, 2010. The album is the band's fifth studio album and their first studio album released under Warner Music Japan. It peaked at #16 on the Oricon weekly albums chart.
10/55	Blackouts is a solo album by German musician Manuel Göttsching, released in 1978. It was originally released as an Ashra album, but the 2012 reissue of the album is credited solely to Göttsching. The album was written and performed entirely by Göttsching on electric guitar, keyboards.
11/55	==DB== Blackout (Connie Willis novel).
12/55	The Blackout is an independent film directed by Matt Hish. The film premiered at the Laemmle Theatre in North Hollywood on August 26, 2013. The film stars Michael Graziadei, Scott Rosa, Flood Reed and Autumn Federici.
13/55	It was formed in 1988 by Bill Wilson – now forever known as "Bill Blackout" – and, together with friend Jim Gibson, the label released its first record – a New York hardcore compilation album entitled Where the Wild Things Are, in 1989. The record included tracks from some of NYC's most popular bands of the day. After this first release, Gibson amicably parted company to start his own record label, Noiseville Records. Blackout! continued to release more local hardcore, with EPs from Uppercut and Outburst, and a live single from Sheer Terror. This was followed by a mini album from Crawlpappy and the U.S. edition of the Sheer Terror album Just Can't Hate Enough. Although the label released a pressing of a greatest hits from UK Oi! band The Business, a reissue of Rest In Pieces debut album, and EPs from The Icemen, American Standard, and Outcrowd, there was a lull in activity during the beginning of the 1990s as the local hardcore scene became more prone to violence – a fact which compounded the temporary demise of one Blackout band in particular, Killing Time. During this period Wilson established another imprint, Engine Records, which had a more indie rock sound, releasing multiple records, including the acclaimed Fast Japanese Spin Cycle EP from Guided By Voices. In 1992, Blackout! returned to punk when they chanced upon a female-fronted band, The Goops, playing at CBGB's and decided to release their records. The Goops toured with Rancid and after an appearance in the soundtrack to the Kevin Smith film Mallrats, signed to Kinetic Records, a part of Reprise/Warner Brothers in 1995. During the same time, Sheer Terror signed to MCA Inc.. The label also achieved its biggest independent success with the release of the debut album from H2O in 1996. The band subsequently signed to Epitaph Records. From around 1995 onwards, there was a general explosion of a new wave of hardcore punk – not only on the east coast of America, but also the opposite coast, where Californian labels Indecision Records and Nitro Records started releasing product. Along with Blackout! and Victory Records, they were the main independent punk record labels well into the new millennium. The label ended the 1990s with records from Killing Time, Kill Your Idols, and East Bay/ Berkeley bands Redemption 87 and Powerhouse. The early part of the 2000s brought some new blood, including Crime In Stereo, NJ's The Banner, The Procedure, and The Commercials. The last official Blackout! release was The Fire Still Burns in 2005. Although no longer releasing new music, the label still maintains a blog at its website which is infrequently updated and has the catalog available digitally on Amazon, iTunes, eMusic, Rhapsody, and other major digital outlets through The Orchard. In 2016 the label announced "The Bulldog Box", a five LP box set of Sheer Terror LP's, demos, and unheard early recordings. File:Blackout logo.png
14/55	Blackout is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
15/55	"Blackout" is a promotional single by American rock band Linkin Park. It is the ninth track from their 2010 album, A Thousand Suns. The song was written by the band and produced by co-lead vocalist Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin. Despite the lack of metal elements, the song does contain significant amounts of screaming (the choruses comprise solely of it), making for one of the more coarse-sounding songs on A Thousand Suns.
16/55	Media blackout refers to the censorship of news related to a certain topic, particularly in mass media, for any reason. A media blackout may be voluntary, or may in some countries be enforced by the government or state. The latter case is controversial in peacetime, as some regard it as a human rights violation and repression of free speech. Press blackout is a similar phrase, but refers specifically to printed media. Media blackouts are used, in particular, in times of declared war, to keep useful intelligence from the enemy. In some cases formal censorship is used, in others the news media are usually keen to support their country voluntarily as in the UK D- (later DA-)Notice system in the Second World War.
17/55	Blackout refers to a foam-backed, opaque fabric used to black out light. Blackout fabrics are most commonly found in hotel rooms as curtain linings or drapery fabrics, blocking much of the light that would otherwise enter through a window when the curtains are closed. For travelers, third shift workers, and parents of babies, blackout is an essential element in the bedroom. Besides window coverings, other uses for blackout fabrics include wallpaper, movie projector screens and planetarium domes.
18/55	Blackout is the fourth studio album by Dropkick Murphys, released in 2003. The album was released with a DVD, which contained live videos for "Rocky Road to Dublin" and "Boys on the Docks", a music video for "Gonna Be a Blackout Tonight", and a trailer for their then upcoming untitled full-length DVD, which became On the Road With the Dropkick Murphys and was released the following year in March 2004. The album was also released in a condensed format on 10" vinyl. It had five songs from the album as well as a cover of AC/DC's "It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock 'n' Roll)" which was later released on Singles Collection, Volume 2. A music video for "Walk Away", the album's first official single, was also released. The song went on to become a minor radio hit and received some minor airplay on MTV.
19/55	A blackout during war, or in preparation for an expected war, is the practice of collectively minimizing outdoor light, including upwardly directed (or reflected) light. This was done in the 20th century to prevent crews of enemy aircraft from being able to identify their targets by sight, for example during the London Blitz of 1940. In coastal regions a shore-side blackout of city lights also helped protect ships from being seen in silhouette against the shore by enemy submarines farther out at sea. In actual warfare, according to M. R. D. Foot, blackouts do not impair navigation by bombers because navigators focused more on reflected bodies of water, railroad tracks, or large highways. The chief purpose is to mobilize the entire civilian population, and provide a test to make sure they are obeying the rules.
20/55	The Blackout is a 1997 American drama film directed by Abel Ferrara. It was screened out of competition at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
21/55	Blackout is a 2008 Finnish film written and directed by JP Siili.
22/55	The Blackout were a post-hardcore band from Merthyr Tydfil, Wales, formed in 2003. After some time backing Lostprophets on their Liberation Transmission Tour, along with Dopamine, Covergirl, Kids in Glass Houses, The Guns and Men, Women & Children, they released their EP The Blackout! The Blackout! The Blackout!. In October 2007 the band released their debut album, We Are the Dynamite. Their second record, The Best in Town was released on 25 May 2009 in Europe and 23 June 2009 in the US, both via Epitaph Records. The band's third album - titled Hope, was released on 4 April 2011, and charted at number 27 in the UK album chart. Their fourth studio album, titled Start the Party, was released on 21 January 2013. The Blackout's final release was a five track EP entitled Wolves, with their farewell tour held in early 2015, finishing in their hometown of Merthyr Tydfil on Saturday 28 March 2015.
23/55	Blackout Day is a social media event which encourages the posting of content that was created by and features everyday black people. Specific tags e.g. #TheBlackout and #BlackoutDay are used to connect users to that content and to increase visibility of that content. Blackout Day launched on March 6, 2015 and after an event on December 21, 2015 will be held on the sixth day of every third month, starting with March 6, 2016.
24/55	Blackout is a 1950 English crime  drama film directed by Robert S. Baker. The film featured Maxwell Reed, Dinah Sheridan, Patric Doonan, Kynaston Reeves, Annette D. Simmonds, Eric Pohlmann, Michael Evans and Michael Brennan in the lead roles. The film depicts the story of an engineer (Maxwell Reed) who is able to find out the murderers involved in a murder mystery with the help of Patricia Dale (Dinah Sheridan). The film was the first featured appearance of Ronald Leigh-Hunt.
25/55	Blackout is a 2007 American television film that takes place in New York City during the Northeast Blackout of 2003. Written and directed by Jerry LaMothe, it stars Jeffrey Wright, Zoe Saldana, Prodigy, Michael B. Jordan, and LaTanya Richardson. The film premiered at the 2007 Zurich Film Festival. It debuted on BET on February 1, 2008. It was released to DVD on February 4, 2008.
26/55	==DB== Blackout (M.A.S.K. episode).
27/55	A blackout gag is a term mainly used in broad, rapid-fire, slapstick comedy to describe a manner in which a gag or joke is executed. The term is derived from burlesque and vaudeville, when the lights were quickly turned off after the punchline of a joke to accentuate it and/or allow for audience laughter. It may use a shock value to define the joke, and may not be initially noticeable to all viewers if it is a very fast joke. This should not be confused with an iris shot, frequently used in the silent film era, where a black circle closes to end a scene. The term "blackout gag" can also apply to fast paced TV or film comedy, such as Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In, where there may not literally be a blackout, but a quick cut to the next gag.
28/55	To censor or cover up.
29/55	The Blackout Experiments is a 2016 horror documentary film that examines the immersive horror experience Blackout. The documentary is directed by Rich Fox and had its world premiere at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival.
30/55	The Blackout is the debut studio album by American Christian hip hop artist Derek Minor (at the time went under PRo), released on October 31, 2008 through his label Reflection Music Group (at the time named Christ Like Entertainment). The album was noted for its "braggadocios" approach. The song "Hate Me More", featuring Kingstone, was released as a promotional single through the Christian hip hop website DaSouth.com.
31/55	Blackout is the name of six fictional characters from the Transformers series.
32/55	To lose consciousness; to suffer a blackout.
33/55	The Blackout is a 2009 science fiction horror film directed by Robert David Sanders. The film revolves around the occupants of The Ravenwood as they try to escape the building during a city-wide blackout, all the while being stalked by terrifying creatures.
34/55	Blackout (German: 380.000 Volt – Der große Stromausfall) is a German film directed by Sebastian Vigg. It was released in 2010.
35/55	The Blackouts were a punk rock band formed in Seattle in 1979 by singer/guitarist Erich Werner, bassist Mike Davidson, and drummer William Rieflin, who were all former members of a local punk band, The Telepaths. They were joined by Roland Barker, first on synthesizer and later on saxophone. Following a single and EP on small local labels, Davidson was replaced by Roland's brother Paul Barker in 1981. This line-up recorded the "Exchange of Goods" single for English label Situation Two, and relocated to Boston in 1982. There they met Al Jourgensen of Ministry, who produced their last recording, the Lost Soul's Club EP for Wax Trax! Records. The band next relocated their second time to San Francisco in 1984, and toured the East Coast with Ministry that year before breaking up. Jourgensen recruited Paul and Roland Barker and Rieflin to the line-up of Ministry, playing a major part in the transformation of Ministry from a synth-driven dance band to one of the top exponents of industrial metal. This started a long collaboration between Paul Barker and Jourgensen in Ministry, Revolting Cocks, Lard, and other projects. Rieflin released a solo album in 1999, Birth of a Giant, worked with KMFDM, Pigface, Ruby, Peter Murphy, and Nine Inch Nails, and was the studio and touring drummer for R.E.M.. Erich Werner went on to join the Toiling Midgets. In 2004, Olympia's K Records released History in Reverse, compiling the band's studio recordings.
36/55	Blackout is the third book in the Newsflesh series of science fiction/horror novels set after a zombie apocalypse, written by Seanan McGuire under the pen name Mira Grant, and published by Orbit Books. It was published June 1, 2012 and preceded by Feed (2010) and Deadline (2011).
37/55	A drug-related blackout is a phenomenon caused by the intake of any substance or medication in which short term and long term memory creation is impaired, therefore causing a complete inability to recall the past. Blackouts can be caused by any substance, but are most frequently associated with GABAergic drugs. Blackouts are frequently described as having effects similar to that of anterograde amnesia, in which the subject cannot recall any events after the event that caused amnesia. Research on alcohol blackouts was begun by E. M. Jellinek in the 1940s. Using data from a survey of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) members, he came to believe that blackouts would be a good determinant of alcoholism. However, there are conflicting views whether this is true. The negative psychological effects of an alcohol-related blackout are often worsened by those who suffer from anxiety disorders. Impairment of the liver will also allow more alcohol to reach the brain and hasten the individual's blackout. The term "blackout" can also refer to a complete loss of consciousness, or syncope.Diabetes cause it sometimes also.
38/55	Blackout is a 1986 Norwegian Film noir directed by Erik Gustavson, starring Henrik Scheele and Juni Dahr. The film follows the private investigator Werner (Scheele) as he deals with a beautiful but dangerous woman, a brutal chief of police and a gangster boss.
39/55	Blackout, also known as Blackout Haunted House, is an immersive horror experience that was created by Josh Randall and Kristjan Thor in 2009. The two began collaborating on Blackout after expressing frustration that it was growing increasingly difficult to be scared. The first Blackout event was held in New York City and the business expanded to Los Angeles. Both Randall and Thor have stated that they view Blackout to be more "performance art than haunted house".
40/55	To make dark.
41/55	Blackout is the second album by the British band Dominion.
42/55	Blackout is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was released on October 25, 2007, by JIVE Records and the Zomba Label Group. Opting to re-establish her music career after her fourth studio album, In the Zone (2003), she began planning the project in 2006. Work continued into 2007, during which time Spears' much-publicized personal struggles, including several instances of erratic behavior and her divorce from Kevin Federline, overshadowed her professional endeavors. Blackout represents a musical departure from Spears' earlier work, featuring a foreboding and atmospheric tone in terms of musical and lyrical direction. She collaborated with producers including Danja, Bloodshy & Avant, Sean Garrett, and The Neptunes in several recording studios around the United States, including Spears' home in Los Angeles, with the intention of creating uptempo, high-energy music. Their efforts resulted in a primarily electro, dance, pop, and R&B record, which sees additional influences from euro disco, dubstep, and funk. The lyrical themes revolve around love, fame, media scrutiny, sex, and clubbing. Upon its release, Blackout received mixed to positive reviews from music critics, who complimented it as Spears' most progressive and consistent album. The Times named it as the fifth best pop album of the decade. Blackout was originally scheduled to be released on November 13 in the United States, though it was ultimately rush-released after several unauthorized internet leaks. It was expected to debut at number one on the US Billboard 200, but debuted at number two with first-week sales of 290,000 copies after a last-minute rule change. Consequently, Blackout is distinguished as Spears' first studio album not to debut in the number-one position in the United States, although it was later certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for exceeding one million shipments. The record charted in the top-ten of several national charts internationally, and has attained several certifications worldwide. By the end of 2008, Blackout had sold 3.1 million copies worldwide. Three singles were released from Blackout. Its lead single "Gimme More" peaked at number three on the US Billboard Hot 100. Follow-up singles "Piece of Me" and "Break the Ice" respectively peaked at numbers 18 and 43 in the United States. Unlike her previous records, Spears did not heavily promote Blackout; her only televised appearance for Blackout was a universally panned performance of "Gimme More" at the 2007 MTV Video Music Awards. In 2012, the album was added to the library and archives of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
43/55	Blackout is a 2012 three-part British television drama series produced by Red Production Company. A corrupt council official wakes from an alcoholic blackout to realise that he may have been responsible for a murder. He soon begins a dramatic quest for redemption. The series is directed by Tom Green and written by Bill Gallagher.
44/55	Blackout is the third studio album by American punk rock band Hed PE. Released on March 18, 2003, Blackout peaked at #33 on the Billboard 200, selling 28,000 copies in its first week, while its title track peaked at #21 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and at #32 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. A second single, "Other Side", peaked at #40 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The album also peaked at #102 in the United Kingdom, The album sold over 100,000 copies.
45/55	"Blackout" is a song by British rapper Wretch 32, featuring vocals from British recording artist Shakka. It was released on 12 May 2013. The song was produced by Knox Brown. The song was written by Jermaine Scott, Shakka Philip and Brown. Choreography and Movement Direction by Josh Kinsella.
46/55	Blackout is an American game show that was broadcast on CBS as part of its daytime schedule from January 4, 1988 until April 1, 1988. The program was created and produced by Jay Wolpert. Bob Goen served as the host for Blackout. The show's original announcer was Johnny Gilbert, with Jay Stewart announcing for the last two weeks. This was Stewart's final announcing job before his 1989 death.
47/55	Blackout is the eighth studio album by the German rock band Scorpions, released in 1982 on EMI Germany Records and Mercury Records. After losing his voice during the writing of the album, lead vocalist Klaus Meine had to undergo surgery on his vocal cords and it was uncertain whether he would be able to record it. Demos of the material were recorded with Don Dokken as vocalist; however none of those recordings are featured on the album. Rudolf Schenker could not choose between his guitar solos on "China White", so the US and European releases differed in this small detail. A self-portrait of artist Gottfried Helnwein is featured on the cover of the album. Rudolf Schenker portrays this character in the "No One Like You" music video. Shirts with this album artwork on them are amongst the most popular Scorpions T-shirts. The RIAA certified Blackout Gold on June 24, 1982 and Platinum on March 8, 1984.
48/55	"Blackout" is a song by American electronic rock duo Breathe Carolina. It is the lead single from their third studio album Hell Is What You Make It. It was written by David Schmitt, Kyle Even, Eric Armenta, Joshua Aragon, and Luis Bonet, whilst production was handled by Ian Kirkpatrick. Recorded between late 2010 and early 2011, it was one of the first tracks recorded for the album. On December 22, 2010, a snippet of the song was previewed in a YouTube video by Fearless Records. It premiered via MTV Buzzworthy on June 13, 2011, while it was available for digital download the following day. The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, with some commending its catchiness. The song has since become the duo's most successful single to date, peaking within the charts of Canada, New Zealand, Scotland, the United Kingdom and United States. It was also certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), selling more than 1 million copies. A music video directed by MOTIONarmy premiered via Vevo on September 20, 2011. A remix EP titled Blackout: The Remixes EP was also released on September 27, 2011, featuring remixes done by Big Chocolate, Wideboys, Tommy Noble and Tek-One. The song has since been performed on Jimmy Kimmel Live! as well as The Daily Habit.
49/55	Blackout is the name of two fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
50/55	The Blackout! The Blackout! The Blackout! is the debut EP by post-hardcore band The Blackout. The mini-album (which is often mistaken for an EP) was recorded and produced at Long Wave Recording Studio by Romesh Dodangoda in 2006. It contains the band's debut single, "Hard Slammin'". Songs from this album are still a part of their live show.
51/55	==DB== 300 AAC Blackout (7.62×35mm).
52/55	==DB== Blackout!.
53/55	"Blackout" is a song written and recorded by David Bowie in 1977 for the album "Heroes". Author Nicholas Pegg described the track as "typical of the darkly exhilarating sonic schizophrenia of the "Heroes" album”, while biographer David Buckley remarked on "a backing verging on industrial". Regarding its lyrics and subject matter, Bowie himself has claimed that "Blackout did indeed refer to power cuts". However NME's Roy Carr and Charles Shaar Murray considered it to have "overtones of Bowie's personal blackout in Berlin (where he collapsed and was rushed to hospital)", noting the line "Get me to the doctor’s" and an atmosphere of "disorientation, fragmentation, panic". Nicholas Pegg surmised that, by the same token, the line "Someone's back in town, the chips are down" may have referred to his wife Angie, who had just arrived in Berlin around the same time.
54/55	Blackout is a 1985 made-for-HBO thriller starring Keith Carradine, Kathleen Quinlan and Richard Widmark.
55/55	To censor or cover up by writing over with black ink.
===94	bash out	2
1/2	To write something very quickly, without much thought.  I've got about an hour in which to bash something out for the morning edition.
2/2	To play (a tune) clumsily on a piano or similar instrument.
===95	be around	2
1/2	To be alive, existent, or present.  I'll be around for another hour or so.   This restaurant has been around since 1938.
2/2	To be near; to socialize with.  You're fun to be around.
===96	bang away	3
1/3	to strike or hit repeatedly  bang away on the drums
2/3	to constantly and irritatingly talk (about)  My folks keep banging away at me to study harder.
3/3	to work tirelessly  I've been banging away at the essay for ages, but it still isn't finished.
===97	bed down	2
1/2	To lie down to sleep for the night, usually of livestock or machinery.
2/2	To put an animal to rest for the night.
===98	bite off	2
1/2	}} To accept or commit oneself to a task, project, notion, or responsibility, especially one which presents challenges.
2/2	To acquire, especially in an abrupt or forceful manner.
===99	bind up	2
1/2	To wrap, as with bandages.
2/2	To tie together
===100	blend in	2
1/2	To add (an ingredient) by mixing or blending.
2/2	To fit unnoticed into the surroundings.  He disguised himself as a businessman to blend in with the others wearing suits.   The aliens adopted human form in order to blend in.
===101	black up	3
1/3	To put on blackface makeup.
2/3	Black Up is the debut studio album by American hip hop duo Shabazz Palaces. It was released on June 28, 2011 in the United States on Sub Pop. The album was produced by "Knife Knights.plcrs at Gunbeat Serenade Studio in Outplace Palacelands."
3/3	To make something (e.g. a film, cast, story line, etc.) more racially black in character; blackenize
===102	blast away	2
1/2	To destroy by blasting explosives
2/2	to continue shooting rapidly.  They were blasting away at each other for 10 minutes before the shooting died down.
===103	blank out	3
1/3	To become blank. To temporarily lose memory  He removed the paper from the heat, and the paper blanked out.   The screen blanked out during the power cut.   He blanked out five minutes into the meeting.   I'm blanking out on your name, I'm afraid.
2/3	to set even, to neutralise  Beckham's second-half goal blanked out Filippi's first-half header to put the score at 1-1.
3/3	To cause (something) to become blank. To erase (something), leaving a blank in its place. To erase from one's memory.  The teacher blanked out some words from the text, which the students had to fill in   They had to blank out five obscenities before airing the song.   He blanked out the abuse he had suffered as a child.
===104	blow away	8
1/8	(For the song by A Fine Frenzy, see Bomb in a Birdcage.) "Blow Away" is a 1979 single by George Harrison, taken from his eponymous album.
2/8	To cause to go away by blowing, or by wind.  He blew away the dust which had collected on the book.
3/8	To kill (someone) by shooting them.  The kid just blew the clerk away.
4/8	To disperse or to depart on currents of air.  I didn't have to rake. The leaves just blew away.
5/8	To overwhelm.
6/8	To delete (data, files, etc.).
7/8	To flabbergast; to impress greatly.  The critics were blown away by their latest album.
8/8	To cause to go away, to get rid of
===105	block out	5
1/5	to begin to reduce to shape; to mark out roughly; to lay out.  to block out a plan
2/5	Blockout is a puzzle video game, published in 1989 by California Dreams, developed in Poland by Aleksander Ustaszewski and Mirosław Zabłocki. The game is the logical extension of Tetris into the third dimension. In regular Tetris, the player manipulates a set of tetrominoes which fall into a two-dimensional pit (seen from the side). The aim is to solve a real-time packing problem by forming complete rows, which then disappear and score points. Poor play leads to incomplete rows, caused by inefficient arrangements of tiles; these rows do not disappear, giving the player progressively less space and less time to play subsequent pieces. Similarly, in Blockout, the player manipulates a set of polycubes which fall into a three-dimensional pit (seen from above; the pieces appear in the foreground and fall away). The pieces can be rotated around all three axes, and moved horizontally and vertically. The aim is to form complete layers.
3/5	to cover something, so as to make it impossible to see.
4/5	to prevent (a thought) from entering one's mind.  After finding out she had terminal cancer, she tried to block out any thoughts of her own mortality.
5/5	to prevent from entering or penetrating.  High-factor suncream blocks out the sun's rays.
===106	block off	2
1/2	To obstruct.  The lorry is blocking off the road, so traffic has come to a standstill.
2/2	To book, set aside (an unbroken period of time to do an activity).  I'll need to block off a couple of weeks to refurnish my house.
===107	blow out	19
1/19	To extinguish something, especially a flame.  He blew out the match.
2/19	To sing out, sing out loud
3/19	To talk violently or abusively.
4/19	A blowout is the uncontrolled release of crude oil and/or natural gas from an oil well or gas well after pressure control systems have failed. Modern wells have blowout preventers intended to prevent such an occurrence. Prior to the advent of pressure control equipment in the 1920s, the uncontrolled release of oil and gas from a well while drilling was common and was known as an oil gusher, gusher or wild well. An accidental spark during a blowout can lead to a catastrophic oil or gas fire.
5/19	==DB== Blowout grass.
6/19	Blowout is an unincorporated community in Blanco County, Texas, United States. Its post office closed in 1918.
7/19	to exhaust; to physically tire
8/19	In a sporting contest, to dominate and defeat an opposing team, especially by a large scoring margin.  The No. 1-rated football team proceeded to blow out its undermanned opponent.
9/19	A blowout is a rapid loss of inflation pressure of a pneumatic tire leading to an explosion. The primary cause for this is encountering an object that cuts or tears the structural components of the tire to the point where the structure is incapable of containing the pressurized air, with the escaping pressurized air adding to further tear through the tire structure. It is also fairly common for tread separations to be termed “blowouts” - even those where the inflation pressure is not compromised. Because of this confusion, the term is rarely used by experts in tire failures, where the term "impact damage" is more frequently used. Tire blowouts have been a concern since the dawn of the motoring age. First generation automotive tires suffered from frequent problems until technology developed.
10/19	(For other uses, see Blowout (disambiguation).) A blowout is an easy or one-sided victory. It occurs when one athletic team or individual performer outscores another by a large margin or in such a fashion that allows the second team or individual little chance of a victory from a point early in a competition, game, contest or event, e.g. Team A defeats Team B 75-10. The term is often used in reference to athletic competition, but it is used in other contexts such as electoral politics (see also the synonym landslide). During blowouts, sports play-by-play announcers are challenged to maintain viewing and listening audience interest and ratings. The announcers attempt to keep a stock of relevant informative discourse for such events. Blowouts are common during the first few weeks of the NCAA college football season, when schools from Bowl Championship Series (formerly Division I-A) conferences, i.e. the Big Ten or Big 12, play those from the Football Championship Subdivision, formerly Division I-AA, i.e. the MAC or The American, usually winning by dozens of points. A recent example is the Michigan Wolverines' 78-0 victory over the Rutgers Scarlet Knights on October 8, 2016.
11/19	To be driven out by the expansive force of a gas or vapour.  A steam cock or valve sometimes blows out.
12/19	Blowouts are sandy depressions in a sand dune ecosystem (psammosere) caused by the removal of sediments by wind. Commonly found in coastal settings and arid margins, blowouts tend to form when wind erodes into patches of bare sand on stabilized vegetative dunes. Generally, blowouts don’t form on actively flowing dunes due to the fact that they need to be bound by some extent, such as plant roots. These depressions usually start on the higher parts of the stabilized dunes on the account that desiccation and disturbances are more considerable which allows for greater surface drag and sediment entrainment when sand is bare. Most of the time, exposures become quickly re-vegetative before they could become blowouts and expand; however, when the opportunities are given, wind erosion can lower the exposure surface and create a tunneling affect, which increases the wind speed. The depression may continue until it hits a non-erodible substrate or morphology limits it. The eroded substances climbs the steep slopes of the depression and become deposited on the downwind side of the blowout which can form a dune that covers vegetation and lead to a larger area of depression; a process that helps create parabolic dunes.
13/19	To deflate quickly on being punctured.  The tire blew out on a corner.
14/19	==DB== Blowout (haircut).
15/19	BlowOut is a 2004 side-scrolling action video game developed by Terminal Reality and published by Majesco, released for the GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and PC. It is a run-and-gun shoot-em-up in the tradition of games such as Contra and Metal Slug, with a power-up-based exploration structure akin to Metroid. In the game, the player takes the role of John "Dutch" Cane, a space marine sent to check up on researchers on the space platform "Honour Guard" only to discover that they have been horribly mutated. On January 26, 2009, the game was released on the Xbox Live Marketplace as part of the Xbox Originals program.
16/19	==DB== Blowout (hairstyle).
17/19	==DB== Blowout (song).
18/19	Blow Out is a 1981 American thriller film written and directed by Brian De Palma. The film stars John Travolta as Jack Terry, a movie sound effects technician from Philadelphia who, while recording sounds for a low-budget slasher film, serendipitously captures audio evidence of an assassination involving a presidential hopeful. Nancy Allen stars as Sally Bedina, a young woman involved in the crime. The supporting cast includes John Lithgow and Dennis Franz. The film's tagline in advertisements was, "Murder has a sound all of its own". The film is directly based on Michelangelo Antonioni's 1966 film Blow Up, replacing the medium of photography with the medium of audio recording. The concept of Blow Out came to De Palma while he was working on the thriller Dressed to Kill (1980). The film was shot in the late autumn and winter of 1980 in various Philadelphia locations on a relatively substantial budget of $18 million. Blow Out opened to minuscule audience interest in 1981; however, it received a mostly positive critical reception. The lead performances by Travolta and Allen, the direction by DePalma and the visual style were cited as the strongest points of the film. Critics also recognised the stylistic and narrative connection to the work of Alfred Hitchcock, whom DePalma admires. Over the years since its initial theatrical release, it has developed status as a cult film and received a home media release by the Criterion Collection, a company who specialise in "important classic and contemporary film", which re-ignited public interest in the film.
19/19	==DB== Blowout fracture.
