===0	air force	3
1/3	==SS== A branch of the military mainly devoted to air warfare, as opposed to (land) army and navy.{{ux|en|When you're in the '''air force''' you have to be prepared to launch missiles at people from the air.}} 
2/3	==SS== A unit in the U.S. Air Force larger than a division but smaller than a command.
3/3	==DB== Air force.For military aviation conducted by armies and navies, see army aviation and naval aviation. An air force, also known in some countries as an air army, is in the broadest sense, the national military organization that primarily conducts aerial warfare. More specifically, it is the branch of a nation's armed services that is responsible for aerial warfare as distinct from an army, navy, or a marine corps. Typically, air forces are responsible for gaining control of the air, carrying out strategic and tactical bombing missions, and providing support to land and naval forces. The term "air force" may also refer to a tactical air force or numbered air force, which is an operational formation either within a national air force or comprising several air components from allied nations. Air forces typically consist of a combination of fighters, bombers, helicopters, transport planes and other aircraft. Many air forces are also responsible for operations of the military space, intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM), and communications equipment. Some air forces may command and control other air defence assets such as anti-aircraft artillery, surface-to-air missiles, or anti-ballistic missile warning networks and defensive systems. Some nations, principally Russia, the former Soviet Union and countries who modelled their militaries along Soviet lines, have an air defence force which is organizationally separate from their air force. In addition to pilot, air forces have ground support staff who support the aircrew. In a similar manner to civilian airlines, there are supporting ground crew as pilots cannot fly without the assistance of other personnel such as engineers, loadmasters, fuel technicians and mechanics. However, some supporting personnel such as airfield defence troops, weapons engineers and air intelligence staff do not have equivalent roles in civilian organizations..comment For military aviation conducted by armies and navies, see army aviation and naval aviation. An air force, also known in some countries as an air army, is in the broadest sense, the national military organization that primarily conducts aerial warfare. More specifically, it is the branch of a nation's armed services that is responsible for aerial warfare as distinct from an army, navy, or a marine corps. Typically, air forces are responsible for gaining control of the air, carrying out strategic and tactical bombing missions, and providing support to land and naval forces..
===1	arcade game	3
1/3	==SS== A game for a computer or console that shares traits of coin-operated video games, such as short levels, simple and intuitive controls, and rapidly increasing difficulty.
2/3	==SS== A coin-operated video game or amusement device.
3/3	==DB== Arcade game.An arcade game or coin-op is a coin-operated entertainment machine typically installed in public businesses such as restaurants, bars and amusement arcades. Most arcade games are video games, pinball machines, electro-mechanical games, redemption games or merchandisers. While exact dates are debated, the golden age of arcade video games is usually defined as a period beginning sometime in the late 1970s and ending sometime in the mid-1980s. Excluding a brief resurgence in the early 1990s, the arcade industry subsequently declined in the Western hemisphere as competing home-based video game consoles such as Playstation and XBOX increased in their graphics and game-play capability and decreased in cost..comment An arcade game or coin-op is a coin-operated entertainment machine typically installed in public businesses such as restaurants, bars and amusement arcades. Most arcade games are video games, pinball machines, electro-mechanical games, redemption games or merchandisers. While exact dates are debated, the golden age of arcade video games is usually defined as a period beginning sometime in the late 1970s and ending sometime in the mid-1980s. Excluding a brief resurgence in the early 1990s, the arcade industry subsequently declined in the Western hemisphere as competing home-based video game consoles such as Playstation and XBOX increased in their graphics and game-play capability and decreased in cost..
===2	back door	15
1/15	==SS== A means of access, often secret and unprotected, to something.
2/15	==SS== To enter a tube by accelerating from behind; to surf into an already formed hollow wave, in contrast to the normal method of slowing to allow a surfable wave to form.
3/15	==DB== Back Door.yearsActive 1971.background group_or_band.origin Blakey, Yorkshire.Cultural Foundation.pastMembers Tony Hicks.pastMembers Ron Aspery.pastMembers Adrian Tilbrook.pastMembers Dave McRae.Back Door (jazz trio).Back Door was a jazz-rock trio, formed in 1971..comment Back Door was a jazz-rock trio, formed in 1971..
4/15	==SS== Achieved through indirect means.
5/15	==DB== The Back Door.length 2711.0.nextAlbum Out and About.The Back Door (album).The Back Door, an album by Cherish the Ladies, was released in 1992 on the Green Linnet label..comment The Back Door, an album by Cherish the Ladies, was released in 1992 on the Green Linnet label..
6/15	==SS== The anus, generally used in reference to anal sex.
7/15	==SS== To attempt to accomplish by indirect means, especially when direct means are proscribed.
8/15	==DB== Back Door Man.producer Leonard Chess, Phil Chess, Willie Dixon.Chess.length 212.0.released 1967-01-04.format 7.lastSingle "Spoonful".nextSingle "Down in the Bottom".aSide "Wang Dang Doodle".prev "Light My Fire".trackNo 7.Back Door Man."Back Door Man" is a blues song written by Willie Dixon and recorded by Howlin' Wolf in 1960. It was released in 1961 by Chess Records as the B-side to Wolf's "Wang Dang Doodle" (catalog no. 1777). The song is considered a classic of Chicago blues..comment "Back Door Man" is a blues song written by Willie Dixon and recorded by Howlin' Wolf in 1960. It was released in 1961 by Chess Records as the B-side to Wolf's "Wang Dang Doodle" (catalog no. 1777). The song is considered a classic of Chicago blues..
9/15	==DB== Back Door Santa."Back Door Santa" is a song written by Clarence Carter and Marcus Daniel, and originally performed by Carter. It was released on a compilation album Soul Christmas in 1968. The track is in a 12-bar blues format. The lyrics are sexually suggestive, not having much to do with Christmas as a holiday. Run-D.M.C. sampled the song for "Christmas in Hollis". It was also performed by Bon Jovi and released on the A Very Special Christmas compilation album produced to benefit the Special Olympics. It was replaced on later pressings of with the song "I Wish Every Day Could Be Like Christmas" also performed by Bon Jovi. Bon Jovi later released the track along with two other Christmas themed songs on the single for "Please Come Home for Christmas". In 1987, Brad Delp covered this song on his holiday themed album Christmas Jammin' with Brad Delp. The Australian band Jet has also covered this song. It is available on their Japanese-only Rare Tracks compilation album. In late December 2005, The Black Crowes released a free download version of this song, complete with a horn section. This track can be heard in the films Mission: Impossible III and Jingle All the Way. In 2008, Elliott Yamin included a cover of the song in his Christmas album My Kind of Holiday. The song also appeared on the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother Season 2 Episode 11: "How Lily Stole Christmas", as well as being included on Paul DeGeorge's 2012 Christmas mixtape and the 2013 film Filth. The song features on the 2015 Christmas album release Back Door Santa, Got the Blues for Christmas by the John Verity Band..comment "Back Door Santa" is a song written by Clarence Carter and Marcus Daniel, and originally performed by Carter. It was released on a compilation album Soul Christmas in 1968. The track is in a 12-bar blues format. The lyrics are sexually suggestive, not having much to do with Christmas as a holiday. Run-D.M.C. sampled the song for "Christmas in Hollis". In 1987, Brad Delp covered this song on his holiday themed album Christmas Jammin' with Brad Delp. The Australian band Jet has also covered this song. It is available on their Japanese-only Rare Tracks compilation album..
10/15	==SS== The path of a pitch which starts outside and then slides over the plate.''He has a nasty '''back door''' slider.'' 
11/15	==DB== The Back Door (fiction).The Back Door was an anonymous work of invasion literature serialised in Hong Kong newspaper The China Mail from 30 September through 8 October 1897. The work, written in the form of a historical account, describes an imagined Russian and French landing at Hong Kong's Deep Water Bay, followed by shelling of Victoria Peak, a sea battle in the Sulphur Channel between Hong Kong Island and Green Island, and a last stand at Stonecutters Island in which British forces were decisively defeated. The story was intended as a criticism of the lack of British funding for the defence of Hong Kong; fears of invasion were driven by French expansionism in Southeast Asia and increasing Russian influence in Manchuria. It was speculated, but never proven, that members of the Imperial Japanese Army read the book in preparation for the 1941 Battle of Hong Kong, in which Japanese forces overran Hong Kong (via the New Territories, rather than Hong Kong Island) in just 18 days. In terms of its style, it follows the model laid out by George Tomkyns Chesney's The Battle of Dorking, but is noteworthy for its attention to detail, even giving real names of individual soldiers and ships; one reviewer described it as "unique" in its verisimilitude, stating that only William Le Queux's The Invasion of 1910 and Cleveland Moffett's The Conquest of America could compare to it. The Back Door received renewed attention in October 2001, when it was republished by Hong Kong University Press under the title Hong Kong Invaded! A '97 Nightmare. The republished edition, at 328 pages in length, was accompanied by a variety of scholarly discussion; the actual text of The Back Door itself occupied barely one-sixth of the book's length. The title of the republished edition was intended as a form of misdirection and a joke to the reader, evoking fears over the 1997 handover of Hong Kong to the People's Republic of China. Bickley was criticised by one reviewer for the cartoon-like illustrations included with the book, and the fact that she had spent so much time on historical analysis of what was described as a "mediocre piece" of fiction..comment The Back Door was an anonymous work of invasion literature serialised in Hong Kong newspaper The China Mail from 30 September through 8 October 1897. The work, written in the form of a historical account, describes an imagined Russian and French landing at Hong Kong's Deep Water Bay, followed by shelling of Victoria Peak, a sea battle in the Sulphur Channel between Hong Kong Island and Green Island, and a last stand at Stonecutters Island in which British forces were decisively defeated. The story was intended as a criticism of the lack of British funding for the defence of Hong Kong; fears of invasion were driven by French expansionism in Southeast Asia and increasing Russian influence in Manchuria. It was speculated, but never proven, that members of the Imperial Japanese Army read the b.
12/15	==SS== A subsidiary entrance to a building or house at its rear, normally away from the street.
13/15	==SS== a rear side door of a car, or at the back of a van.
14/15	==SS== A secret means of access to a program or system.
15/15	==DB== Lookin' Out My Back Door.released 1970-07-25.format 7.bSide "Long As I Can See the Light".lastSingle "Up Around the Bend".nextSingle "Have You Ever Seen the Rain?".Lookin' Out My Back Door."Lookin' Out My Back Door" is a song recorded by the American band Creedence Clearwater Revival, also known as CCR. The song was written by the band's lead singer, guitarist, and songwriter, John Fogerty. The song is included on their 1970 album Cosmo's Factory, the group's fifth album, which was also their fifth and final No. 2 Billboard hit. "Lookin' Out My Back Door" was a direct tribute to the Bakersfield Sound, a form of music that influenced Fogerty and the CCR sound. Buck Owens, one of the architects of the Bakersfield Sound, is even mentioned in the song's lyrics..comment "Lookin' Out My Back Door" is a song recorded by the American band Creedence Clearwater Revival, also known as CCR. The song was written by the band's lead singer, guitarist, and songwriter, John Fogerty. The song is included on their 1970 album Cosmo's Factory, the group's fifth album, which was also their fifth and final No. 2 Billboard hit. "Lookin' Out My Back Door" was a direct tribute to the Bakersfield Sound, a form of music that influenced Fogerty and the CCR sound. Buck Owens, one of the architects of the Bakersfield Sound, is even mentioned in the song's lyrics..
===3	bank account	4
1/4	==DB== Bank account.A bank account is a financial account maintained by a financial institution for a customer. A bank account can be a deposit account, a credit card account, or any other type of account offered by a financial institution, and represents the funds that a customer has entrusted to the financial institution and from which the customer can make withdrawals. Alternatively, accounts may be loan accounts in which case the customer owes money to the financial institution. The financial transactions which have occurred within a given period of time on a bank account are reported to the customer on a bank statement and the balance of the accounts at any point in time is the financial position of the customer with the institution. The laws of each country specify the manner in which accounts may be opened and operated. They may specify, for example, who may open an account, how the signatories can identify themselves, deposit and withdrawal limits and many other matters..comment A bank account is a financial account maintained by a financial institution for a customer. A bank account can be a deposit account, a credit card account, or any other type of account offered by a financial institution, and represents the funds that a customer has entrusted to the financial institution and from which the customer can make withdrawals. Alternatively, accounts may be loan accounts in which case the customer owes money to the financial institution..
2/4	==SS== A statement summarizing credit and debit transactions with the account; a bank statement.
3/4	==SS== A fund deposited by a customer (the depositor) in a bank from which they can make withdrawals.
4/4	==SS== The formal relationship established between the depositor and the bank.
===4	battle cry	3
1/3	==SS== A strong motto or purpose statement, especially in regards to winning a goal in sports, games or work.
2/3	==DB== Battle cry.A battle cry is a yell or chant taken up in battle, usually by members of the same combatant group.Battle cries are not necessarily articulate, although they often aim to invoke patriotic or religious sentiment. Their purpose is a combination of arousing aggression and esprit de corps on one's own side and causing intimidation on the hostile side. Battle cries are a universal form of display behaviour (i.e., threat display) aiming at competitive advantage, ideally by overstating one's own aggressive potential to a point where the enemy prefers to avoid confrontation altogether and opts to flee. In order to overstate one's potential for aggression, battle cries need to be as loud as possible, and have historically often been amplified by acoustic devices such as horns, drums, conches, carnyxes, bagpipes, bugles, etc. (see also martial music). Battle cries are closely related to other behavioral patterns of human aggression, such as war dances and taunting, performed during the "warming up" phase preceding the escalation of physical violence. From the Middle Ages, many cries appeared on standards and were adopted as mottoes, an example being the motto "Dieu et mon droit" ("God and my right") of the English kings. It is said that this was Edward III's rallying cry during the Battle of Crécy. The word "slogan" originally derives from sluagh-gairm or sluagh-ghairm (sluagh = "people", "army", and gairm = "call", "proclamation"), the Scottish Gaelic word for "gathering-cry" and in times of war for "battle-cry". The Gaelic word was borrowed into English as slughorn, sluggorne, "slogum", and slogan..comment A battle cry is a yell or chant taken up in battle, usually by members of the same combatant group.Battle cries are not necessarily articulate, although they often aim to invoke patriotic or religious sentiment. Their purpose is a combination of arousing aggression and esprit de corps on one's own side and causing intimidation on the hostile side. Battle cries are a universal form of display behaviour (i.e., threat display) aiming at competitive advantage, ideally by overstating one's own aggressive potential to a point where the enemy prefers to avoid confrontation altogether and opts to flee. In order to overstate one's potential for aggression, battle cries need to be as loud as possible, and have historically often been amplified by acoustic devices such as horns, drums, conches, carny.
3/3	==SS== An exclamation troops yell out when going to war or battle.
===5	birth control	3
1/3	==SS== Voluntary control of the number of children conceived, especially by the planned use of contraception.
2/3	==DB== Birth control.Birth control, also known as contraception and fertility control, is a method or device used to prevent pregnancy. Planning, making available, and use of birth control is called family planning. Birth control methods have been used since ancient times, but effective and safe methods only became available in the 20th century. Some cultures limit or discourage access to birth control because they consider it to be morally, religiously, or politically undesirable. The most effective methods of birth control are sterilization by means of vasectomy in males and tubal ligation in females, intrauterine devices (IUDs), and implantable birth control. This is followed by a number of hormone based methods including oral pills, patches, vaginal rings, and injections. Less effective methods include physical barriers such as condoms, diaphragms and birth control sponges and fertility awareness methods. The least effective methods are spermicides and withdrawal by the male before ejaculation. Sterilization, while highly effective, is not usually reversible; all other methods are reversible, most immediately upon stopping them. Safe sex practices, such as with the use of male or female condoms, can also help prevent sexually transmitted infections. Other methods of birth control do not protect against sexually transmitted diseases. Emergency birth control can prevent pregnancy if taken within the 72 to 120 hours after unprotected sex. Some argue not having sex as a form of birth control, but abstinence-only sex education may increase teenage pregnancies if offered without birth control education, due to non-compliance. In teenagers, pregnancies are at greater risk of poor outcomes. Comprehensive sex education and access to birth control decreases the rate of unwanted pregnancies in this age group. While all forms of birth control can generally be used by young people, long-acting reversible birth control such as implants, IUDs, or vaginal rings are more successful in reducing rates of teenage pregnancy. After the delivery of a child, a woman who is not exclusively breastfeeding may become pregnant again after as few as four to six weeks. Some methods of birth control can be started immediately following the birth, while others require a delay of up to six months. In women who are breastfeeding, progestin-only methods are preferred over combined oral birth control pills. In women who have reached menopause, it is recommended that birth control be continued for one year after the last period. About 222 million women who want to avoid pregnancy in developing countries are not using a modern birth control method. Birth control use in developing countries has decreased the number of deaths during or around the time of pregnancy by 40% (about 270,000 deaths prevented in 2008) and could prevent 70% if the full demand for birth control were met. By lengthening the time between pregnancies, birth control can improve adult women's delivery outcomes and the survival of their children. In the developing world women's earnings, assets, weight, and their children's schooling and health all improve with greater access to birth control. Birth control increases economic growth because of fewer dependent children, more women participating in the workforce, and less use of scarce resources..comment Birth control, also known as contraception and fertility control, is a method or device used to prevent pregnancy. Planning, making available, and use of birth control is called family planning. Birth control methods have been used since ancient times, but effective and safe methods only became available in the 20th century. Some cultures limit or discourage access to birth control because they consider it to be morally, religiously, or politically undesirable..
3/3	==SS== Any technique used to prevent the birth of a child .
===6	blood pressure	3
1/3	==SS== The measurement of a person's blood pressure, expressed as systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure readings.''The nurse spent all day taking '''blood pressures''' at the hospital.'' 
2/3	==SS== The pressure exerted by the blood against the walls of the arteries and veins; it varies during the heartbeat cycle, and according to a person's age, health and physical condition.''the great majority of people who have serious conditions from high '''blood pressure''' suffer debilitating illness'' 
3/3	==DB== Blood pressure.Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure exerted by circulating blood upon the walls of blood vessels. When used without further specification, "blood pressure" usually refers to the arterial pressure in the systemic circulation. Blood pressure is usually expressed in terms of the systolic (maximum) pressure over diastolic (minimum) pressure and is measured in millimeters of mercury (mmHg). It is one of the vital signs along with respiratory rate, heart rate, oxygen saturation, and body temperature. Normal resting systolic (diastolic) blood pressure in an adult is approximately 120 mmHg (80 mmHg), abbreviated "120/80 mmHg". Blood pressure varies depending on situation, activity, and disease states. It is regulated by the nervous and endocrine systems. Blood pressure that is low due to a disease state is called hypotension, and pressure that is consistently high is hypertension. Both have many causes which can range from mild to severe. Both may be of sudden onset or of long duration. Long term hypertension is a risk factor for many diseases, including heart disease, stroke and kidney failure. Long term hypertension is more common than long term hypotension in Western countries. Long term hypertension often goes undetected because of infrequent monitoring and the absence of symptoms..comment Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure exerted by circulating blood upon the walls of blood vessels. When used without further specification, "blood pressure" usually refers to the arterial pressure in the systemic circulation. Blood pressure is usually expressed in terms of the systolic (maximum) pressure over diastolic (minimum) pressure and is measured in millimeters of mercury (mmHg). It is one of the vital signs along with respiratory rate, heart rate, oxygen saturation, and body temperature. Normal resting systolic (diastolic) blood pressure in an adult is approximately 120 mmHg (80 mmHg), abbreviated "120/80 mmHg"..
===7	blood sugar	4
1/4	==DB== Blood sugar.The blood sugar concentration or blood glucose level is the amount of glucose (sugar) present in the blood of a human or animal. The body naturally tightly regulates blood glucose levels as a part of metabolic homeostasis. With some exceptions, glucose is the primary source of energy for the body's cells, and blood lipids (in the form of fats and oils) are primarily a compact energy store. Glucose is transported from the intestines or liver to body cells via the bloodstream, and is made available for cell absorption via the hormone insulin, produced by the body primarily in the pancreas. Glucose levels are usually lowest in the morning, before the first meal of the day (termed "the fasting level"), and rise after meals for an hour or two by a few millimolar. Blood sugar levels outside the normal range may be an indicator of a medical condition. A persistently high level is referred to as hyperglycemia; low levels are referred to as hypoglycemia. Diabetes mellitus is characterized by persistent hyperglycemia from any of several causes, and is the most prominent disease related to failure of blood sugar regulation. Intake of alcohol causes an initial surge in blood sugar, and later tends to cause levels to fall. Also, certain drugs can increase or decrease glucose levels..comment The blood sugar concentration or blood glucose level is the amount of glucose (sugar) present in the blood of a human or animal. The body naturally tightly regulates blood glucose levels as a part of metabolic homeostasis. With some exceptions, glucose is the primary source of energy for the body's cells, and blood lipids (in the form of fats and oils) are primarily a compact energy store. Glucose is transported from the intestines or liver to body cells via the bloodstream, and is made available for cell absorption via the hormone insulin, produced by the body primarily in the pancreas..
2/4	==SS== The amount of glucose in a person's blood.
3/4	==SS== Glucose in the blood.
4/4	==DB== Blood Sugar.producer Rob Swire, Matt White.writer Rob Swire, Gareth McGrillen, Matt White.length *  ("Blood Sugar") *  ("Axle Grinder").released 2007-05-28.format 12.0.lastSingle "Painkiller".nextSingle "Granite".Blood Sugar / Axle Grinder."Blood Sugar" is a single by Australian Drum & Bass band, Pendulum, released on 18 June 2007 in the United Kingdom. It was the band's final single with the Breakbeat Kaos label, and was released in 12" vinyl. Both tracks were later added to the 2007 reissue of the group's debut album, Hold Your Colour, due to their popularity. "Axle Grinder" contains samples from the United States TV show, The Twilight Zone..comment "Blood Sugar" is a single by Australian Drum & Bass band, Pendulum, released on 18 June 2007 in the United Kingdom. It was the band's final single with the Breakbeat Kaos label, and was released in 12" vinyl. Both tracks were later added to the 2007 reissue of the group's debut album, Hold Your Colour, due to their popularity. "Axle Grinder" contains samples from the United States TV show, The Twilight Zone..
===8	blood test	3
1/3	==SS== An analysis of blood performed on two subjects to determine whether they are biologically related, such as a paternity test.
2/3	==SS== A serologic analysis of a sample of blood; a test in which blood is removed from a subject and analyzed to determine the presence or levels of any of a variety of substances which indicate whether the subject has health problems.
3/3	==DB== Blood test.A blood test is a laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample that is usually extracted from a vein in the arm using a needle, or via fingerprick. Multiple tests for specific blood components (such as a glucose test or a cholesterol test) are often grouped together into one test panel called a blood panel or blood work. Blood tests are often used in health care to determine physiological and biochemical states, such as disease, mineral content, pharmaceutical drug effectiveness, and organ function. Typical clinical blood panels include a basic metabolic panel or a complete blood count. Blood tests are also used in drug tests to detect drug abuse. In some of the United States, a blood test is required before marriage; historically, this was previously true in more states. On 30 October 2015, researchers at the VUMC Cancer Center Amsterdam reported developing a blood test that, from a single drop of blood, can diagnose cancer with a probability of 97%, and about 6-8% probability of a false diagnosis, in healthy patients..comment A blood test is a laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample that is usually extracted from a vein in the arm using a needle, or via fingerprick. Multiple tests for specific blood components (such as a glucose test or a cholesterol test) are often grouped together into one test panel called a blood panel or blood work. Blood tests are often used in health care to determine physiological and biochemical states, such as disease, mineral content, pharmaceutical drug effectiveness, and organ function. Typical clinical blood panels include a basic metabolic panel or a complete blood count. Blood tests are also used in drug tests to detect drug abuse. In some of the United States, a blood test is required before marriage; historically, this was previously true in more states..
===9	body language	3
1/3	==DB== Body language.Body language is a language where is not necessary words to express feelings by physical behaviors, such as facial expressions, body posture, gestures, eye movement, touch and the use of space. Body language exists in both animals and humans, but this article focuses on interpretations of human body language. It is also known as kinesics. Body language must not be confused with sign language, as sign languages are full languages like spoken languages and have their own complex grammar systems, as well as being able to exhibit the fundamental properties that exist in all languages. Body language, on the other hand, does not have a grammar and must be interpreted broadly, instead of having an absolute meaning corresponding with a certain movement, so it is not a language like sign language, and is simply termed as a "language" due to popular culture. In a community, there are agreed-upon interpretations of particular behavior. Interpretations may vary from country to country, or culture to culture. On this note, there is controversy on whether body language is universal. Body language, a subset of nonverbal communication, complements verbal communication in social interaction. In fact some researchers conclude that nonverbal communication accounts for the majority of information transmitted during interpersonal interactions. It helps to establish the relationship between two people and regulates interaction, but can be ambiguous. Hence, it is crucial to accurately read body language to avoid misunderstanding in social interactions..comment Body language is a language where is not necessary words to express feelings by physical behaviors, such as facial expressions, body posture, gestures, eye movement, touch and the use of space. Body language exists in both animals and humans, but this article focuses on interpretations of human body language. It is also known as kinesics..
2/3	==SS== Nonverbal communication by means of facial expressions, eye behavior, gestures, posture, and the like; often thought to be involuntary.
3/3	==SS== Deliberate, usually culturally influenced, nonverbal communication using the body through facial expressions, gestures, dance, mime, etc.
===10	bow saw	3
1/3	==SS== A lightweight metal-framed saw in the shape of a bow with a removable coarse wide blade, used for cutting tree trunks.
2/3	==SS== A woodworking saw used for straight or curved cuts.
3/3	==DB== Bow saw.A modern bow saw is a metal-framed crosscut saw in the shape of a bow with a coarse wide blade. This type of saw is also known as a Swede saw, Finn saw or buck saw. It is a rough tool that can be used for cross-cutting branches or firewood (maybe up to 6 inches in diameter) down to size. Traditionally, a bow saw is a woodworking tool used for straight or curved cuts. A bow saw is a type of frame saw. Its thin blade is held in tension by a frame. In English and American vocabulary it denotes a toothed blade suspended between two long narrow handles called "cheeks" that are supported and separated by a thin stretcher in the center of the handles, making a wide H shape (the cheeks form the uprights of the H, the stretcher the crossbar of the H). The blade is kept in tension with a turnbuckle or a twisted cord that runs parallel to the blade between the two cheeks but on the opposite side of the stretcher. If a cord is used, the cord is twisted with a toggle attached to one loop of the cord, adding tension. The toggle hits the stretcher, which keeps the cord from untwisting. A finer version of the saw uses a narrow blade (1/4" or less) with handles that allow the user to hold the saw and turn the blade. In this context it is also known as a turning saw which is larger than a coping saw. The bow saw was used both in ancient China and the Hellenistic period, and developed from earlier saws. The term 'bow saw' has also been applied to a type of chainsaw with a large, circular guide bar. The name 'swede saw' was probably attributed to the ovate metal tubular frame version invented in the 1920s by the Swedish company Sandvikens, and additional patents by two Swedish immigrants. The modern versions all share these common features..comment A modern bow saw is a metal-framed crosscut saw in the shape of a bow with a coarse wide blade. This type of saw is also known as a Swede saw, Finn saw or buck saw. It is a rough tool that can be used for cross-cutting branches or firewood (maybe up to 6 inches in diameter) down to size. The bow saw was used both in ancient China and the Hellenistic period, and developed from earlier saws. The term 'bow saw' has also been applied to a type of chainsaw with a large, circular guide bar..
===11	box office	3
1/3	==SS== A place where tickets are sold in a theatre/theater or cinema.
2/3	==SS== the total amount of money paid by people worldwide to watch a movie at cinemas/movie theaters.
3/3	==DB== Box office.A box office or ticket office is a place where tickets are sold to the public for admission to an event. Patrons may perform the transaction at a countertop, through a hole in a wall or window, or at a wicket. By extension, the term is frequently used, especially in the context of the film industry, as a synonym for the amount of business a particular production, such as a film or theatre show, receives. 1.   * REDIRECT Box office business can be measured in terms of the number of tickets sold or the amount of money raised by ticket sales (revenue). The projection and analysis of these earnings is very important for the creative industries and often a source of interest for fans. This is predominant in the Hollywood movie industry..comment A box office or ticket office is a place where tickets are sold to the public for admission to an event. Patrons may perform the transaction at a countertop, through a hole in a wall or window, or at a wicket. By extension, the term is frequently used, especially in the context of the film industry, as a synonym for the amount of business a particular production, such as a film or theatre show, receives. 1.   * REDIRECT.
===12	bulletin board	3
1/3	==SS== A system in which users may send, read and reply to public messages; an electronic message board or forum.
2/3	==SS== A board on which messages may be posted, especially one in a public space.
3/3	==DB== Bulletin board.A bulletin board (pinboard, pin board, noticeboard, or notice board in British English) is a surface intended for the posting of public messages, for example, to advertise items wanted or for sale, announce events, or provide information. Bulletin boards are often made of a material such as cork to facilitate addition and removal of messages, as well as a writing surface such as blackboard or whiteboard. A bulletin board which combines a pinboard (corkboard) and writing surface is known as a combination bulletin board. Bulletin boards can also be entirely in the digital domain and placed on computer networks so people can leave and erase messages for other people to read and see, as in a Bulletin board system. Bulletin boards are particularly prevalent at universities. They are used by many sports groups and extracurricular groups and anything from local shops to official notices. Dormitory corridors, well-trafficked hallways, lobbies, and freestanding kiosks often have cork boards attached to facilitate the posting of notices. At some universities, lampposts, bollards, trees, and walls often become impromptu posting sites in areas where official boards are sparse in number. Internet forums replacement for traditional bulletin boards. Online bulletin boards are sometimes referred to as message boards. The terms bulletin board, message board and even Internet forum are interchangeable, although often one bulletin board or message board can contain a number of Internet forums or discussion groups. An online board can serve the same purpose as a physical bulletin board. Magnet boards, or magnetic bulletin boards, are a popular substitute for cork boards because they lack the problem of board deterioration from the insertion and removal of pins over time..comment A bulletin board (pinboard, pin board, noticeboard, or notice board in British English) is a surface intended for the posting of public messages, for example, to advertise items wanted or for sale, announce events, or provide information. Bulletin boards are often made of a material such as cork to facilitate addition and removal of messages, as well as a writing surface such as blackboard or whiteboard. A bulletin board which combines a pinboard (corkboard) and writing surface is known as a combination bulletin board. Bulletin boards can also be entirely in the digital domain and placed on computer networks so people can leave and erase messages for other people to read and see, as in a Bulletin board system..
===13	cable car	3
1/3	==SS== A streetcar moved by gripping to rotating loop of cable running along the track.
2/3	==DB== Cable car.A cable car is any of a variety of transportation systems relying on cables to pull vehicles along or lower them at a steady rate. The terminology also refers to the vehicles on these systems. The cable car vehicles are motorless and engineless and they are pulled by a cable that is rotated by a motor off-board..comment A cable car is any of a variety of transportation systems relying on cables to pull vehicles along or lower them at a steady rate. The terminology also refers to the vehicles on these systems. The cable car vehicles are motorless and engineless and they are pulled by a cable that is rotated by a motor off-board..
3/3	==SS== A hanging carriage or car for transporting people or cargo
===14	calendar year	3
1/3	==SS== The amount of time between the beginning of the first day of January and the end of the last day of December in the Gregorian calendar. (365 days, or 366 in a leap year.)
2/3	==DB== Calendar year.Generally speaking, a calendar year begins on the New Year's Day of the given calendar system and ends on the day before the following New Year's Day, and thus consists of a whole number of days. A calendar year can also start on any other named day of the calendar, and end on the day before this named day in the following year. To reconcile the calendar year with the astronomical cycle (which has a fractional number of days) certain years contain extra days. The Gregorian year, which is in use in most of the world, begins on January 1 and ends on December 31. It has a length of 365 days in an ordinary year, with 8,760 hours, 525,600 minutes, and 31,536,000 seconds; but 366 days in a leap year, with 8,784 hours, 527,040 minutes, and 31,622,400 seconds. With 97 leap years every 400 years, the year has an average length of 365.2425 days. Other formula-based calendars can have lengths which are further out of step with the solar cycle: for example, the Julian calendar has an average length of 365.25 days, and the Hebrew calendar has an average length of 365.2468 days. The astronomer's mean tropical year which is averaged over equinoxes and solstices is currently 365.24219 days, slightly shorter than the average length of the year in most calendars, but the astronomer's value changes over time, so William Herschel's suggested correction to the Gregorian calendar may become unnecessary by the year 4000..comment Generally speaking, a calendar year begins on the New Year's Day of the given calendar system and ends on the day before the following New Year's Day, and thus consists of a whole number of days. A calendar year can also start on any other named day of the calendar, and end on the day before this named day in the following year. To reconcile the calendar year with the astronomical cycle (which has a fractional number of days) certain years contain extra days..
3/3	==SS== The amount of time between corresponding dates in adjacent years in any calendar.
===15	car wash	7
1/7	==SS== An event at which people (often children) wash cars, often for a small fee or donation
2/7	==DB== Car wash.A car wash (also written as "carwash") or auto wash is a facility used to clean the exterior and, in some cases, the interior of motor vehicles. Car washes can be self-serve, fully automated, or full-service with attendants who wash the vehicle..comment A car wash (also written as "carwash") or auto wash is a facility used to clean the exterior and, in some cases, the interior of motor vehicles. Car washes can be self-serve, fully automated, or full-service with attendants who wash the vehicle..
3/7	==DB== Car Wash.type soundtrack.length 4390.0.released 1976-09-13.nextAlbum Rose Royce II: In Full Bloom.Car Wash (soundtrack).Car Wash is a soundtrack double album released by the Funk band Rose Royce on the MCA label in September 1976. It was produced by Norman Whitfield. It is the soundtrack/film score to the 1976 hit comedy Car Wash that featured Richard Pryor and George Carlin and is also the debut album for Rose Royce..comment Car Wash is a soundtrack double album released by the Funk band Rose Royce on the MCA label in September 1976. It was produced by Norman Whitfield. It is the soundtrack/film score to the 1976 hit comedy Car Wash that featured Richard Pryor and George Carlin and is also the debut album for Rose Royce..
4/7	==SS== A place at which a car is washed, usually for a fee and often mechanically by driving the car through a tunnel.''I'm gong to take the car to the '''car wash'''.'' 
5/7	==SS== An instance of washing a car, especially such a place.''I'm gong to take the car in for a '''car wash'''.'' 
6/7	==DB== Car Wash.genre *.producer Norman Whitfield.producer *Elliott *Aguilera *.producer *T. Herzberg *C. Styles *Bang Out *Silence.released 2004-08-29.artist Christina Aguilera featuring Missy Elliott.format *.bSide "Water".bSide "Can't Wait".certification Platinum.nextSingle "I Wanna Get Next to You".Car Wash (song)."Car Wash" is a hit R&B song performed by Rose Royce and written and produced by Norman Whitfield. It was the group's debut single and one of the most notable successes of the disco era. "Car Wash", the theme of the 1976 film Car Wash, was Rose Royce's most successful hit single and the lead single from their first album, the Car Wash soundtrack. Reaching number one in the United States on the Billboard pop and R&B charts, "Car Wash" also peaked at number three on the disco charts and reached number nine in the UK singles chart in February 1977. The song was later covered in 2004 by Christina Aguilera and Missy Elliott, who released their version as the single for the Shark Tale soundtrack..comment "Car Wash" is a hit R&B song performed by Rose Royce and written and produced by Norman Whitfield. It was the group's debut single and one of the most notable successes of the disco era. "Car Wash", the theme of the 1976 film Car Wash, was Rose Royce's most successful hit single and the lead single from their first album, the Car Wash soundtrack. Reaching number one in the United States on the Billboard pop and R&B charts, "Car Wash" also peaked at number three on the disco charts and reached number nine in the UK singles chart in February 1977. The song was later covered in 2004 by Christina Aguilera and Missy Elliott, who released their version as the single for the Shark Tale soundtrack..
7/7	==DB== Car Wash.runtime 5820.0.released 1976-10-22.Car Wash (film).Car Wash is a 1976 American comedy film released by Universal Pictures. The Art Linson Production was directed by Michael Schultz from a screenplay by Joel Schumacher. Starring Franklyn Ajaye, Bill Duke, George Carlin, Irwin Corey, Ivan Dixon, Antonio Fargas, Jack Kehoe, Clarence Muse, Lorraine Gary, The Pointer Sisters, and Richard Pryor, Car Wash is an episodic comedy about a day in the lives of the employees and the owner, Mr. B (Sully Boyar), of a Los Angeles, California car wash (filmed at a Westlake car wash at the corner of Rampart Blvd. and 6th St.)..comment Car Wash is a 1976 American comedy film released by Universal Pictures. The Art Linson Production was directed by Michael Schultz from a screenplay by Joel Schumacher. Starring Franklyn Ajaye, Bill Duke, George Carlin, Irwin Corey, Ivan Dixon, Antonio Fargas, Jack Kehoe, Clarence Muse, Lorraine Gary, The Pointer Sisters, and Richard Pryor, Car Wash is an episodic comedy about a day in the lives of the employees and the owner, Mr. B (Sully Boyar), of a Los Angeles, California car wash (filmed at a Westlake car wash at the corner of Rampart Blvd. and 6th St.)..
===16	case study	3
1/3	==SS== Research performed in detail on a single individual, group, incident or community, as opposed to, for instance, a sample of the whole population.
2/3	==DB== Case study.A case study is about a person, group, or situation that has been studied over time. If the case study, for instance, is about a group, it describes the behavior of the group as a whole, not the behavior of each individual in the group. Case studies can be produced by following a formal research method. These case studies are likely to appear in formal research venues, as journals and professional conferences, rather than popular works. The resulting body of 'case study research' has long had a prominent place in many disciplines and professions, ranging from psychology, anthropology, sociology, and political science to education, clinical science, social work, and administrative science. In doing case study research, the "case" being studied may be an individual, organization, event, or action, existing in a specific time and place. For instance, clinical science has produced both well-known case studies of individuals and also case studies of clinical practices. However, when "case" is used in an abstract sense, as in a claim, a proposition, or an argument, such a case can be the subject of many research methods, not just case study research. Thomas offers the following definition of case study: "Case studies are analyses of persons, events, decisions, periods, projects, policies, institutions, or other systems that are studied holistically by one or more method. The case that is the subject of the inquiry will be an instance of a class of phenomena that provides an analytical frame — an object — within which the study is conducted and which the case illuminates and explicates." According to J. Creswell, data collection in a case study occurs over a "sustained period of time." One approach sees the case study defined as a research strategy, an empirical inquiry that investigates a phenomenon within its real-life context. Case-study research can mean single and multiple case studies, can include quantitative evidence, relies on multiple sources of evidence, and benefits from the prior development of theoretical propositions. As such, case study research should not be confused with qualitative research, as case studies can be based on any mix of quantitative and qualitative data. Similarly, single-subject research might be taken as case studies of a sort, except that the repeated trials in single-subject research permit the use of experimental designs that would not be possible in typical case studies. At the same time, the repeated trials can provide a statistical framework for making inferences from quantitative data. The case study is sometimes mistaken for the case method used in teaching, but the two are not the same..comment A case study is about a person, group, or situation that has been studied over time. If the case study, for instance, is about a group, it describes the behavior of the group as a whole, not the behavior of each individual in the group. Thomas offers the following definition of case study: According to J. Creswell, data collection in a case study occurs over a "sustained period of time." The case study is sometimes mistaken for the case method used in teaching, but the two are not the same..
3/3	==SS== A case used in a such research.
===17	cash flow	3
1/3	==DB== Cash flow.A cash flow describes a real or virtual movement of money:  * a cash flow in its narrow sense is a payment (in a currency), especially from one central bank account to another; the term 'cash flow' is mostly used to describe payments that are expected to happen in the future, are thus uncertain and therefore need to be forecasted with cash flows;   * a cash flow is determined by its time t, nominal amount N, currency CCY and account A; symbolically CF = CF(t,N,CCY,A).  *  it is however popular to use cash flow in a less specified sense describing (symbolic) payments into or out of a business, project, or financial product. Cash flows are narrowly interconnected with the concepts of value, interest rate and liquidity.A cash flow that shall happen on a future day tN can be transformed into a cash flow of the same value in t0. Cash flow analysis Cash flows are often transformed into measures that give information e.g. on a company's value and situation:  * to determine a project's rate of return or value. The time of cash flows into and out of projects are used as inputs in financial models such as internal rate of return and net present value.  * to determine problems with a business's liquidity. Being profitable does not necessarily mean being liquid. A company can fail because of a shortage of cash even while profitable.  * as an alternative measure of a business's profits when it is believed that accrual accounting concepts do not represent economic realities. For instance, a company may be notionally profitable but generating little operational cash (as may be the case for a company that barters its products rather than selling for cash). In such a case, the company may be deriving additional operating cash by issuing shares or raising additional debt finance.  * cash flow can be used to evaluate the 'quality' of income generated by accrual accounting. When net income is composed of large non-cash items it is considered low quality.  * to evaluate the risks within a financial product, e.g., matching cash requirements, evaluating default risk, re-investment requirements, etc. Cash flow notion is based loosely on cash flow statement accounting standards. the term is flexible and can refer to time intervals spanning over past-future. It can refer to the total of all flows involved or a subset of those flows. Subset terms include net cash flow, operating cash flow and free cash flow. Symptoms of cash flow problems. There are many reasons a business can suffer cash flow problems – some are down to mismanagement and poor decisions, and in some cases factors outside of your control. Any of the following symptoms can indicate that a business is experiencing cash flow problems:  *  Up to overdraft limit – no headroom / returned payments  *  Stretch to pay salaries each month  *  Trade creditor arrears  *  Taxation arrears   *  Rent arrears  *  No working capital ‘buffer’ – surviving day to day  *  Negative working capital on balance sheet – over geared / losses?  *  Lack of funds for remedial action (redundancies / premises relocation)  *  Lack of profitability – insufficient to support owner / manager’s lifestyle  *  Unable to pay for professional advice Cash flow problems can be avoided through good credit management; the Chartered Institute of Credit Management has produced a series of Managing Cash flow Guides which are available on its website (see references) which have been dowloaded more than 500,000 times at December 2015.comment A cash flow describes a real or virtual movement of money:  * a cash flow in its narrow sense is a payment (in a currency), especially from one central bank account to another; the term 'cash flow' is mostly used to describe payments that are expected to happen in the future, are thus uncertain and therefore need to be forecasted with cash flows;   * a cash flow is determined by its time t, nominal amount N, currency CCY and account A; symbolically CF = CF(t,N,CCY,A).  *  it is however popular to use cash flow in a less specified sense describing (symbolic) payments into or out of a business, project, or financial product..
2/3	==SS== A statement of such transactions.
3/3	==SS== The sum of cash revenues and expenditures over a period of time.
===18	cast iron	5
1/5	==SS== A hard and brittle, but strong, alloy of iron, carbon, and silicon, formed by casting in a mould.'''''Cast iron''' is popular for cookware where an even heating temperature is important.'' 
2/5	==DB== Cast iron.Cast iron is a group of iron-carbon alloys with a carbon content greater than 2%. Its usefulness derives from its relatively low melting temperature. The alloy constituents affect its colour when fractured: white cast iron has carbide impurities which allow cracks to pass straight through; grey cast iron has graphite flakes which deflect a passing crack and initiate countless new cracks as the material breaks; ductile cast iron which stops the crack from further progressing due to their spherical graphite "nodules". Carbon (C) ranging from 1.8–4 wt%, and silicon (Si) 1–3 wt% are the main alloying elements of cast iron. Iron alloys with less carbon content are known as steel. While this technically makes the Fe–C–Si system ternary, the principle of cast iron solidification can be understood from the simpler binary iron–carbon phase diagram. Since the compositions of most cast irons are around the eutectic point (lowest liquid point) of the iron–carbon system, the melting temperatures usually range from 1,150 to 1,200 °C (2,100 to 2,190 °F), which is about 300 °C (540 °F) lower than the melting point of pure iron. Cast iron tends to be brittle, except for malleable cast irons. With its relatively low melting point, good fluidity, castability, excellent machinability, resistance to deformation and wear resistance, cast irons have become an engineering material with a wide range of applications and are used in pipes, machines and automotive industry parts, such as cylinder heads (declining usage), cylinder blocks and gearbox cases (declining usage). It is resistant to destruction and weakening by oxidation (rust). The earliest cast iron artefacts date to the 5th century BCE, and were discovered by archaeologists in what is now Jiangsu in China. Cast iron was used in ancient China for warfare, agriculture, and architecture. During the 15th century, cast iron became utilized for artillery in Burgundy, France, and in England during the Reformation. The first cast iron bridge was built during the 1770s by Abraham Darby III, and is known as The Iron Bridge. Cast iron is also used in the construction of buildings..comment Cast iron is a group of iron-carbon alloys with a carbon content greater than 2%. Its usefulness derives from its relatively low melting temperature. The alloy constituents affect its colour when fractured: white cast iron has carbide impurities which allow cracks to pass straight through; grey cast iron has graphite flakes which deflect a passing crack and initiate countless new cracks as the material breaks; ductile cast iron which stops the crack from further progressing due to their spherical graphite "nodules"..
3/5	==SS== Inflexible or without exception.''The school's '''cast-iron''' policy on admissions fees left no leeway for needy students.'' 
4/5	==SS== Made of cast iron.''I use a '''cast-iron''' skillet for frying pancakes.'' 
5/5	==SS== Durable; tough; resiliant.''Ernest has a '''cast-iron''' constitution and never gets sick.'' 
===19	catch phrase	3
1/3	==DB== Catchphrase.A catchphrase (or catch phrase) is a phrase or expression recognized by its repeated utterance. Such phrases often originate in popular culture and in the arts, and typically spread through a variety of mass media (such as literature and publishing, motion pictures, television and radio), as well as word of mouth. Some become the de facto or literal "trademark" or "signature" of the person or character with whom they originated, and can be instrumental in the typecasting (beneficially or otherwise) of a particular actor..comment A catchphrase (or catch phrase) is a phrase or expression recognized by its repeated utterance. Such phrases often originate in popular culture and in the arts, and typically spread through a variety of mass media (such as literature and publishing, motion pictures, television and radio), as well as word of mouth. Some become the de facto or literal "trademark" or "signature" of the person or character with whom they originated, and can be instrumental in the typecasting (beneficially or otherwise) of a particular actor..
2/3	==SS== A group of words, often originating in popular culture, that is spontaneously popularized after widespread repeated use
3/3	==SS== A signature phrase of a particular person or group.
===20	chain smoker	3
1/3	==SS== One who smokes continuously, by lighting one cigarette when they finish another, as in a chain.
2/3	==DB== Chain smoking.Chain smoking is the practice of smoking several cigarettes in succession, sometimes using the ember of a finished cigarette to light the next. Often the term chain smoker refers to a person who smokes relatively constantly, not necessarily chaining each cigarette. The term applies primarily to cigarettes, although it can be used to describe incessant cigar and pipe smoking as well. It is a common form of addiction..comment Chain smoking is the practice of smoking several cigarettes in succession, sometimes using the ember of a finished cigarette to light the next. Often the term chain smoker refers to a person who smokes relatively constantly, not necessarily chaining each cigarette. The term applies primarily to cigarettes, although it can be used to describe incessant cigar and pipe smoking as well. It is a common form of addiction..
3/3	==SS== One who habitually smokes a lot.
===21	climate change	3
1/3	==SS== Large-scale and long-term change in the 's climatic system produced by ; anthropogenic climate change.
2/3	==SS== Natural large-scale and long-term change in the 's climatic system, as brought about by .
3/3	==DB== Climate change.Climate change is a change in the statistical distribution of weather patterns when that change lasts for an extended period of time (i.e., decades to millions of years). Climate change may refer to a change in average weather conditions, or in the time variation of weather around longer-term average conditions (i.e., more or fewer extreme weather events). Climate change is caused by factors such as biotic processes, variations in solar radiation received by Earth, plate tectonics, and volcanic eruptions. Certain human activities have also been identified as significant causes of recent climate change, often referred to as global warming. Scientists actively work to understand past and future climate by using observations and theoretical models. A climate record—extending deep into the Earth's past—has been assembled, and continues to be built up, based on geological evidence from borehole temperature profiles, cores removed from deep accumulations of ice, floral and faunal records, glacial and periglacial processes, stable-isotope and other analyses of sediment layers, and records of past sea levels. More recent data are provided by the instrumental record. General circulation models, based on the physical sciences, are often used in theoretical approaches to match past climate data, make future projections, and link causes and effects in climate change..comment Climate change is a change in the statistical distribution of weather patterns when that change lasts for an extended period of time (i.e., decades to millions of years). Climate change may refer to a change in average weather conditions, or in the time variation of weather around longer-term average conditions (i.e., more or fewer extreme weather events). Climate change is caused by factors such as biotic processes, variations in solar radiation received by Earth, plate tectonics, and volcanic eruptions. Certain human activities have also been identified as significant causes of recent climate change, often referred to as global warming..
===22	command line	4
1/4	==SS== The text prompt presented to the user in a command line interface.''Type the following at the '''command line''': <tt>du -s -h</tt>.'' 
2/4	==SS== A shell, a command line interface;''I'm so used to the '''command line''' that I don't even know how to find things in the GUI.'' ''The '''command line''' offers a lot of helpful features, such as tab completion and wildcard expansion.'' 
3/4	==DB== Command-line interface.A command-line interface or command language interpreter (CLI), also known as command-line user interface, console user interface, and character user interface (CUI), is a means of interacting with a computer program where the user (or client) issues commands to the program in the form of successive lines of text (command lines). The CLI was the primary means of interaction with most computer systems until the introduction of the video display terminal in the mid-1960s, and continued to be used throughout the 1970s and 1980s on OpenVMS, Unix systems and personal computer systems including MS-DOS, CP/M and Apple DOS. The interface is usually implemented with a command line shell, which is a program that accepts commands as text input and converts commands to appropriate operating system functions. Command-line interfaces to computer operating systems are less widely used by casual computer users, who favor graphical user interfaces. Alternatives to the command line include, but are not limited to text user interface menus (see IBM AIX SMIT for example), keyboard shortcuts, and various other desktop metaphors centered on the pointer (usually controlled with a mouse). Examples of this include the Windows versions 1, 2, 3, 3.1, and 3.11 (an OS shell that runs in DOS), DosShell, and Mouse Systems PowerPanel. Command-line interfaces are often preferred by more advanced computer users, as they often provide a more concise and powerful means to control a program or operating system. Programs with command-line interfaces are generally easier to automate via scripting. Command line interfaces for software other than operating systems include a number of programming languages such as Tcl/Tk, PHP and others, as well as utilities such as the compression utilities WinZip and UltimateZip, and some FTP and ssh/telnet clients..comment A command-line interface or command language interpreter (CLI), also known as command-line user interface, console user interface, and character user interface (CUI), is a means of interacting with a computer program where the user (or client) issues commands to the program in the form of successive lines of text (command lines). Command-line interfaces to computer operating systems are less widely used by casual computer users, who favor graphical user interfaces. Programs with command-line interfaces are generally easier to automate via scripting..
4/4	==SS== A line of text that is entered at such a prompt.''Use the following '''command line''' to compile a file without linking: <tt>gcc -c main.c -o main.o</tt>'' 
===23	company car	3
1/3	==DB== Take-home vehicle.A take-home vehicle, or company car is a vehicle which companies or organisations lease or own and which employees use for their personal and business travel. There are three main reasons which explain why the provision of a company car for private use as a benefit may be attractive for both the employee and the employer. The first reason is that companies can supply the fringe benefit at lower costs than the employee is able to achieve on their own – and consequently pass it on to the employee. Secondly, the tax system may encourage the provision of cars over monetary remuneration from the perspective of both the employer and employee. Thirdly, firms may want the employee to drive in a car of certain minimum standard or have access to a suitable vehicle at all times. It may also benefit the employer if there is advertising/branding on the car's paintwork (or window stickers), since if the employee uses the car during the evening/weekend, it spreads advertising in public areas more than if the car was locked up in a garage during these times. The use of company cars is widespread in some regions. For example, business registrations account for roughly 50% of all car sales in the EU, largely due to taxation rules which give companies a strong incentive to provide the benefit. The practice has been criticised by many groups who argue that the benefit encourages people to drive more (thus increasing CO2 emissions), reduces government tax revenues, distorts economic competition, and may work to neutralise other government programs and objectives..comment A take-home vehicle, or company car is a vehicle which companies or organisations lease or own and which employees use for their personal and business travel. There are three main reasons which explain why the provision of a company car for private use as a benefit may be attractive for both the employee and the employer. The first reason is that companies can supply the fringe benefit at lower costs than the employee is able to achieve on their own – and consequently pass it on to the employee. Secondly, the tax system may encourage the provision of cars over monetary remuneration from the perspective of both the employer and employee. Thirdly, firms may want the employee to drive in a car of certain minimum standard or have access to a suitable vehicle at all times. It may also benefit t.
2/3	==SS== Any car owned by or leased to a company.
3/3	==SS== A car, provided by an employer, that an employee may use on company business and personal use.
===24	computer graphics	5
1/5	==SS== The various technologies used to create and manipulate such pictorial data.
2/5	==SS== A sub-field of computer science which studies methods for digitally synthesizing and manipulating visual content.
3/5	==SS== The images so produced.
4/5	==SS== The representation and manipulation of pictorial data by a computer.
5/5	==DB== Computer graphics.Computer graphics are pictures and movies created using computers – usually referring to image data created by a computer specifically with help from specialized graphical hardware and software. It is a vast and recent area in computer science. The phrase was coined by computer graphics researchers Verne Hudson and William Fetter of Boeing in 1960. It is often abbreviated as CG, though sometimes erroneously referred to as CGI. Important topics in computer graphics include user interface design, sprite graphics, vector graphics, 3D modeling, shaders, GPU design, implicit surface visualization with ray tracing, and computer vision, among others. The overall methodology depends heavily on the underlying sciences of geometry, optics, and physics. Computer graphics is responsible for displaying art and image data effectively and meaningfully to the user, and processing image data received from the physical world. The interaction and understanding of computers and interpretation of data has been made easier because of computer graphics. Computer graphic development has had a significant impact on many types of media and has revolutionized animation, movies, advertising, video games, and graphic design generally..comment Computer graphics are pictures and movies created using computers – usually referring to image data created by a computer specifically with help from specialized graphical hardware and software. It is a vast and recent area in computer science. The phrase was coined by computer graphics researchers Verne Hudson and William Fetter of Boeing in 1960. It is often abbreviated as CG, though sometimes erroneously referred to as CGI..
===25	concentration camp	3
1/3	==SS== A camp where large numbers of people, especially political prisoners, prisoners of war, refugees etc., are detained for the purpose of confining them in one place, typically with inadequate or inhumane facilities.
2/3	==SS== A situation wherein crowding and extremely harsh conditions take place.
3/3	==DB== Internment.Internment is the imprisonment or confinement of people, commonly in large groups, without trial. The term is especially used for the confinement "of enemy citizens in wartime or of terrorism suspects". Thus, while it can simply mean imprisonment, it tends to refer to preventive confinement, rather than confinement after having been convicted of some crime. Use of these terms is subject to debate and political sensitivities. Interned persons may be held at prisons or at facilities known as internment camps. In certain contexts, these may also be known either officially or pejoratively, as concentration camps. Internment also refers to the practice of neutral countries in time of war in detaining belligerent armed forces and equipment in their territories under the Hague Convention of 1907. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights restricts the use of internment. Article 9 states that "No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile.".comment Internment is the imprisonment or confinement of people, commonly in large groups, without trial. The term is especially used for the confinement "of enemy citizens in wartime or of terrorism suspects". Thus, while it can simply mean imprisonment, it tends to refer to preventive confinement, rather than confinement after having been convicted of some crime. Use of these terms is subject to debate and political sensitivities. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights restricts the use of internment. Article 9 states that "No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile.".
===26	control panel	7
1/7	==DB== Control Panel (Windows).The Control Panel is a part of the Microsoft Windows, in older versions, which allows users to view and manipulate basic system settings and controls via applets, such as adding hardware, adding and removing software, controlling user accounts, and changing accessibility options. Additional applets can be provided by third party software. The Control Panel has been an inherent part of the Microsoft Windows operating system since Windows 2.0, with many of the current applets being added in later versions. Beginning with Windows 95, the Control Panel is implemented as a special folder, i.e. the folder does not physically exist, but only contains shortcuts to various applets such as Add or Remove Programs and Internet Options. Physically, these applets are stored as .cpl files. For example, the Add or Remove Programs applet is stored under the name appwiz.cpl in the SYSTEM32 folder. In recent versions of Windows, the Control Panel has two views, Classic View and Category View, and it is possible to switch between these through an option that appears on either the left side or top of the window. Many of the individual Control Panel applets can be accessed in other ways. For instance, Display Properties can be accessed by right-clicking on an empty area of the desktop and choosing Properties. The classic view consists of shortcuts to the various control panel applets, usually without any description (other than the name). The categories are seen if the user use "Details" view. The category view consists of categories, which when clicked on display the control panel applets related to the category. In Windows Vista, the category used applets below the name of the category. The Control Panel can be accessed quickly by typing control in the Run dialog box (⊞ Win+R). On Windows 10, Control Panel is partially deprecated in favor of Settings app, which was originally introduced on Windows 8 as "PC Settings" to provide a touchscreen-optimized settings area using its Metro-style app platform. Some functions, particularly the ability to add and remove user accounts, were moved exclusively to this app on Windows 8 and cannot be performed from Control Panel..comment The Control Panel is a part of the Microsoft Windows, in older versions, which allows users to view and manipulate basic system settings and controls via applets, such as adding hardware, adding and removing software, controlling user accounts, and changing accessibility options. Additional applets can be provided by third party software. In recent versions of Windows, the Control Panel has two views, Classic View and Category View, and it is possible to switch between these through an option that appears on either the left side or top of the window..
2/7	==SS== A computer display offering a number of controls or options.
3/7	==DB== Control panel (engineering).They are found in factories to monitor and control machines or production lines and in places such as nuclear power plants, ships, aircraft and mainframe computers. Older control panels are most often equipped with push buttons and analog instruments, whereas nowadays in many cases touchscreens are used for monitoring and control purposes..comment They are found in factories to monitor and control machines or production lines and in places such as nuclear power plants, ships, aircraft and mainframe computers. Older control panels are most often equipped with push buttons and analog instruments, whereas nowadays in many cases touchscreens are used for monitoring and control purposes..
4/7	==SS== The part of a system that the user can access, as the control panel of a security system, also called control unit.
5/7	==DB== Web hosting control panel.A control panel, in web hosting, is a web-based interface provided by the hosting company that allows customers to manage their various hosted services in a single place. The most famous control panels are cPanel, Plesk Panel and DirectAdmin. Some of the commonly available modules in most control panels:  *  Access to server logs.  *  Details of available and used webspace and bandwidth.  *  Email account configuration.  *  Maintaining FTP users’ accounts.  *  Managing database.  *  Visitor statistics using web log analysis software.  *  Web-based file manager..comment A control panel, in web hosting, is a web-based interface provided by the hosting company that allows customers to manage their various hosted services in a single place. The most famous control panels are cPanel, Plesk Panel and DirectAdmin. Some of the commonly available modules in most control panels:  *  Access to server logs.  *  Details of available and used webspace and bandwidth.  *  Email account configuration.  *  Maintaining FTP users’ accounts.  *  Managing database.  *  Visitor statistics using web log analysis software.  *  Web-based file manager..
6/7	==SS== A flat, usually vertical surface onto which controls, instruments, and displays are mounted.
7/7	==DB== Control panel (software).Many computer user interfaces use a control panel metaphor to give the user control of software and hardware features. The control panel consists of multiple settings including display settings, network settings, user account settings and hardware settings. Some control panels require the user to have admin rights or root access..comment Many computer user interfaces use a control panel metaphor to give the user control of software and hardware features. The control panel consists of multiple settings including display settings, network settings, user account settings and hardware settings. Some control panels require the user to have admin rights or root access..
===27	control tower	3
1/3	==SS== An enclosed, raised structure occupied by one or more persons who operate or exercise control over railway traffic, ship movement, a racetrack, machinery, etc.
2/3	==SS== An airport building from which the air traffic control unit monitors and directs the movement of aircraft on and around the airport.
3/3	==DB== Air traffic control.Air traffic control (ATC) is a service provided by ground-based controllers who direct aircraft on the ground and through controlled airspace, and can provide advisory services to aircraft in non-controlled airspace. The primary purpose of ATC worldwide is to prevent collisions, organize and expedite the flow of air traffic, and provide information and other support for pilots. In some countries, ATC plays a security or defensive role, or is operated by the military. To prevent collisions, ATC enforces traffic separation rules, which ensure each aircraft maintains a minimum amount of empty space around it at all times. Many aircraft also have collision avoidance systems, which provide additional safety by warning pilots when other aircraft get too close. In many countries, ATC provides services to all private, military, and commercial aircraft operating within its airspace. Depending on the type of flight and the class of airspace, ATC may issue instructions that pilots are required to obey, or advisories (known as flight information in some countries) that pilots may, at their discretion, disregard. The pilot in command is the final authority for the safe operation of the aircraft and may, in an emergency, deviate from ATC instructions to the extent required to maintain safe operation of their aircraft..comment Air traffic control (ATC) is a service provided by ground-based controllers who direct aircraft on the ground and through controlled airspace, and can provide advisory services to aircraft in non-controlled airspace. The primary purpose of ATC worldwide is to prevent collisions, organize and expedite the flow of air traffic, and provide information and other support for pilots. In some countries, ATC plays a security or defensive role, or is operated by the military..
===28	cover story	6
1/6	==SS== A story that appears on the front page of a publication.
2/6	==DB== Cover Story (2002 film).Cover Story is 2002 American film starring Elizabeth Berkley and Costas Mandylor. It was directed by Eric Weston and released on DVD on March 8, 2005..comment Cover Story is 2002 American film starring Elizabeth Berkley and Costas Mandylor. It was directed by Eric Weston and released on DVD on March 8, 2005..
3/6	==DB== Cover Story.starring Nedumudi Venu.starring Tabu.starring Biju Menon.Cover Story (2000 film).Cover Story is a 2000 Malayalam film starring Suresh Gopi and Tabu..comment Cover Story is a 2000 Malayalam film starring Suresh Gopi and Tabu..
4/6	==DB== Cover Story.language Hindi.starring Anjum Nayar.Cover Story (2011 film).Cover Story is an Hindi thriller film directed by Laurence Postma starring Anjum Nayar and Jackie Shroff. It is the second official remake of the acclaimed Dutch film Interview, directed by Theo Van Gogh in 2003, the first being Interview by Steve Buscemi in 2007..comment Cover Story is an Hindi thriller film directed by Laurence Postma starring Anjum Nayar and Jackie Shroff. It is the second official remake of the acclaimed Dutch film Interview, directed by Theo Van Gogh in 2003, the first being Interview by Steve Buscemi in 2007..
5/6	==DB== Cover Story (disambiguation).
6/6	==SS== A fictitious account that is intended to hide one's real motive.
===29	cult film	3
1/3	==SS== ''Among '''cult films''', ''Helter Skelter'', about Charles Manson's group, and the PBS documentary about Jonestown are my favorite.'' 
2/3	==SS== A film that has acquired a cult following.
3/3	==DB== Cult film.A cult film, also commonly referred to as a cult classic, is a film that has acquired a cult following. Cult films are known for their dedicated, passionate fanbase, an elaborate subculture that engage in repeated viewings, quoting dialogue, and audience participation. Inclusive definitions allow for major studio productions, especially box office bombs, while exclusive definitions focus more on obscure, transgressive films shunned by the mainstream. The difficulty in defining the term and subjectivity of what qualifies as a cult film mirror classificatory disputes about art. The term cult film itself was first used in the 1970s to describe the culture that surrounded underground films and midnight movies, though cult was in common use in film analysis for decades prior to that. Cult films trace their origin back to controversial and suppressed films kept alive by dedicated fans. In some cases, reclaimed or rediscovered films have acquired cult followings decades after their original release, occasionally for their camp value. Other cult films have since become well-respected or reassessed as classics; there is debate as to whether these popular and accepted films are still cult films. After failing in the cinema, some cult films have become regular fixtures on cable television or profitable sellers on home video. Others have inspired their own film festivals. Cult films can both appeal to specific subcultures and form their own subcultures. Other media that reference cult films can easily identify which demographics they desire to attract and offer savvy fans an opportunity to demonstrate their knowledge. Cult films frequently break cultural taboos, and many feature excessive displays of violence, gore, sexuality, profanity, or combinations thereof. This can lead to controversy, censorship, and outright bans; less transgressive films may attract similar amounts of controversy when critics call them frivolous or incompetent. Films that fail to attract requisite amounts of controversy may face resistance when labeled as cult films. Mainstream films and big budget blockbusters have attracted cult followings similar to more underground and lesser known films; fans of these films often emphasize the films' niche appeal and reject the more popular aspects. Fans who like the films for the wrong reasons, such as perceived elements that represent mainstream appeal and marketing, will often be ostracized or ridiculed. Likewise, fans who stray from accepted subcultural scripts may experience similar rejection. Since the late 1970s, cult films have become increasingly popular. Films that once would have been limited to obscure cult followings are now capable of breaking into the mainstream, and showings of cult films have proved to be a profitable business venture. Overbroad usage of the term has resulted in controversy, as purists state it has become a meaningless descriptor applied to any film that is the slightest bit weird or unconventional; others accuse Hollywood studios of trying to artificially create cult films or use the term as a marketing tactic. Films are frequently stated to be an "instant cult classic" now, occasionally before they are released. Fickle fans on the Internet have latched on to unreleased films only to abandon them later on release. At the same time, other films have acquired massive, quick cult followings, thanks to spreading virally through social media. Easy access to cult films via video on demand and peer-to-peer file sharing has led some critics to pronounce the death of cult films..comment A cult film, also commonly referred to as a cult classic, is a film that has acquired a cult following. Cult films are known for their dedicated, passionate fanbase, an elaborate subculture that engage in repeated viewings, quoting dialogue, and audience participation. Inclusive definitions allow for major studio productions, especially box office bombs, while exclusive definitions focus more on obscure, transgressive films shunned by the mainstream. The difficulty in defining the term and subjectivity of what qualifies as a cult film mirror classificatory disputes about art. The term cult film itself was first used in the 1970s to describe the culture that surrounded underground films and midnight movies, though cult was in common use in film analysis for decades prior to that..
===30	death sentence	8
1/8	==DB== Death Sentence.Death Sentence (short story)."Death Sentence" is a short story by the American science-fiction writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the November 1943 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov..comment "Death Sentence" is a short story by the American science-fiction writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the November 1943 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov..
2/8	==DB== 
3/8	==SS== A decree that someone be put to death as a punishment for a crime, a sentence of execution.
4/8	==DB== Death Sentence.producer *.producer * Karen Baldwin.distributor 20.runtime 6300.0.starring *.budget 2.0E7.gross 1.7E7.Death Sentence (2007 film).Death Sentence is a 2007 American action drama film loosely based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Brian Garfield. Directed by Saw director James Wan, the film stars Kevin Bacon as Nick Hume, a man who takes the law into his own hands after his son is murdered by a gang as an initiation ritual. Hume must protect his family from the gang's resulting vengeance. The film premiered on August 31, 2007, and was released on DVD on January 8, 2008..comment Death Sentence is a 2007 American action drama film loosely based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Brian Garfield. Directed by Saw director James Wan, the film stars Kevin Bacon as Nick Hume, a man who takes the law into his own hands after his son is murdered by a gang as an initiation ritual. Hume must protect his family from the gang's resulting vengeance. The film premiered on August 31, 2007, and was released on DVD on January 8, 2008..
5/8	==DB== Death Sentence.pages 209.isbn 0.mediaType Print.Death Sentence (novel).Continuing six months after Death Wish left off, Paul Benjamin has moved from New York to Chicago after his catatonic daughter died in an institution, a result of the brutal attack that changed Paul Benjamin into a vigilante. Paul resumes his private violent war as he stalks criminals in the streets of Chicago. The only thing that may distract him from his crusade is a beautiful woman he starts cordially dating in his new life. And as Paul ends up having a double life, a copycat vigilante is out in the streets violently killing off criminals just like Paul. What's worse is that vigilantism soon begins to become a cry of publicity as the police have to look for their man before innocent people start dying out of injustice. Paul is not only after criminals or justice anymore, but he's also looking for a man who is as equally as dangerous as the vigilante he has become..comment Continuing six months after Death Wish left off, Paul Benjamin has moved from New York to Chicago after his catatonic daughter died in an institution, a result of the brutal attack that changed Paul Benjamin into a vigilante. Paul resumes his private violent war as he stalks criminals in the streets of Chicago. The only thing that may distract him from his crusade is a beautiful woman he starts cordially dating in his new life. And as Paul ends up having a double life, a copycat vigilante is out in the streets violently killing off criminals just like Paul. What's worse is that vigilantism soon begins to become a cry of publicity as the police have to look for their man before innocent people start dying out of injustice. Paul is not only after criminals or justice anymore, but he's also l.
6/8	==DB== Death Sentence.runtime 5400.0.Death Sentence (1968 film).Death Sentence (Italian: Sentenza di morte) is a 1968 spaghetti western directed by Mario Lanfranchi and starring Richard Conte..comment Death Sentence (Italian: Sentenza di morte) is a 1968 spaghetti western directed by Mario Lanfranchi and starring Richard Conte..
7/8	==DB== Capital punishment.Capital punishment, also known as the death penalty, is a government sanctioned practice whereby a person is put to death by the state as a punishment for a crime. The sentence that someone be punished in such a manner is referred to as a death sentence, whereas the act of carrying out the sentence is known as an execution. Crimes that can result in a death penalty are known as capital crimes or capital offences. The term capital is derived from the Latin capitalis ("of the head", referring to execution by beheading). Fifty-eight countries retain capital punishment, 102 countries have completely abolished it de jure for all crimes, six have abolished it for ordinary crimes (while maintaining it for special circumstances such as war crimes), and 32 are abolitionist in practice. Capital punishment is a matter of active controversy in various countries and states, and positions can vary within a single political ideology or cultural region. In the European Union, Article 2 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union prohibits the use of capital punishment. Also, the Council of Europe, which has 47 member states, prohibits the use of the death penalty by its members. The United Nations General Assembly has adopted, in 2007, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2014 non-binding resolutions calling for a global moratorium on executions, with a view to eventual abolition. Although most nations have abolished capital punishment, over 60% of the world's population live in countries where executions take place, such as China, India, the United States and Indonesia..comment Capital punishment, also known as the death penalty, is a government sanctioned practice whereby a person is put to death by the state as a punishment for a crime. The sentence that someone be punished in such a manner is referred to as a death sentence, whereas the act of carrying out the sentence is known as an execution. Crimes that can result in a death penalty are known as capital crimes or capital offences. The term capital is derived from the Latin capitalis ("of the head", referring to execution by beheading)..
8/8	==SS== Anything that spells death.''Having the Huntington's gene is a '''death sentence'''.'' 
===31	dog meat	4
1/4	==SS== Meat from a dog eaten as food.
2/4	==DB== Dog meat.(This article is about human consumption of dog flesh and parts. For meat eaten by dogs themselves, see dog food. For the character in the Fallout series of video games, see Dogmeat.) Dog meat is the flesh and other edible parts derived from dogs. Historically, human consumption of dog meat has been recorded in many parts of the world, including East and Southeast Asia, West Africa, Europe, Oceania and the Americas. In the 21st century, dog meat is consumed in many parts of China, Korea, Vietnam, and Switzerland, as well as other parts of Europe, the Americas, and in the African continent, such as Cameroon, Ghana and Liberia. Today, a number of cultures view the consumption of dog meat to be a part of their traditional and day-to-day cuisine, while others – such as Western culture – consider consumption of dog to be a taboo, although they have been consumed in times of war and/or other hardships. It was estimated in 2014 that worldwide, 25 million dogs are eaten each year by humans..comment (This article is about human consumption of dog flesh and parts. For meat eaten by dogs themselves, see dog food. For the character in the Fallout series of video games, see Dogmeat.) Dog meat is the flesh and other edible parts derived from dogs. Historically, human consumption of dog meat has been recorded in many parts of the world, including East and Southeast Asia, West Africa, Europe, Oceania and the Americas..
3/4	==SS== The depersonalized, debased remains of a person.''"Did you just step on my blue suede shoes? You're '''dog meat''' now!"'' 
4/4	==SS== Meat prepared to be given to a dog as food.
===32	domain name	4
1/4	==SS== a domain; that part of a domain name which (nominally) identifies an organization; a domain name delegated to an independent administrative authority who is then responsible for the management of that portion of the Domain Name System's namespace that consist of the delegated domain and all subdomains that are not delegated in turn.
2/4	==SS== a unique, case-insensitive, name, consisting of a string made up of alphanumeric characters and dashes separated by periods, that the Domain Name System maps to IP numbers and other information.<nowiki>RFC 822</nowiki>, P. Mockapetris, November 1983: This RFC introduces domain style names, their use for ARPA Internet mail and host address support, and the protocols and servers used to implement '''domain name''' facilities. 
3/4	==SS== an identifier of a computer or site on the Internet
4/4	==DB== Domain name.A domain name is an identification string that defines a realm of administrative autonomy, authority or control within the Internet. Domain names are formed by the rules and procedures of the Domain Name System (DNS). Any name registered in the DNS is a domain name.Domain names are used in various networking contexts and application-specific naming and addressing purposes. In general, a domain name represents an Internet Protocol (IP) resource, such as a personal computer used to access the Internet, a server computer hosting a web site, or the web site itself or any other service communicated via the Internet. In 2015, 294 million domain names had been registered. Domain names are organized in subordinate levels (subdomains) of the DNS root domain, which is nameless. The first-level set of domain names are the top-level domains (TLDs), including the generic top-level domains (gTLDs), such as the prominent domains com, info, net, edu, and org, and the country code top-level domains (ccTLDs). Below these top-level domains in the DNS hierarchy are the second-level and third-level domain names that are typically open for reservation by end-users who wish to connect local area networks to the Internet, create other publicly accessible Internet resources or run web sites. The registration of these domain names is usually administered by domain name registrars who sell their services to the public. A fully qualified domain name (FQDN) is a domain name that is completely specified with all labels in the hierarchy of the DNS, having no parts omitted. Labels in the Domain Name System are case-insensitive, and may therefore be written in any desired capitalization method, but most commonly domain names are written in lowercase in technical contexts..comment A domain name is an identification string that defines a realm of administrative autonomy, authority or control within the Internet. Domain names are formed by the rules and procedures of the Domain Name System (DNS). Any name registered in the DNS is a domain name.Domain names are used in various networking contexts and application-specific naming and addressing purposes. In general, a domain name represents an Internet Protocol (IP) resource, such as a personal computer used to access the Internet, a server computer hosting a web site, or the web site itself or any other service communicated via the Internet. In 2015, 294 million domain names had been registered..
===33	exchange rate	3
1/3	==DB== Exchange rate.In finance, an exchange rate (also known as a foreign-exchange rate, forex rate, ER, FX rate or Agio) between two currencies is the rate at which one currency will be exchanged for another. It is also regarded as the value of one country’s currency in relation to another currency. For example, an interbank exchange rate of 119 Japanese yen (JPY, ¥) to the United States dollar (US$) means that ¥119 will be exchanged for each US$1 or that US$1 will be exchanged for each ¥119. In this case it is said that the price of a dollar in relation to yen is ¥119, or equivalently that the price of a yen in relation to dollars is $1/119. Exchange rates are determined in the foreign exchange market, which is open to a wide range of different types of buyers and sellers, and where currency trading is continuous: 24 hours a day except weekends, i.e. trading from 20:15 GMT on Sunday until 22:00 GMT Friday. The spot exchange rate refers to the current exchange rate. The forward exchange rate refers to an exchange rate that is quoted and traded today but for delivery and payment on a specific future date. In the retail currency exchange market, different buying and selling rates will be quoted by money dealers. Most trades are to or from the local currency. The buying rate is the rate at which money dealers will buy foreign currency, and the selling rate is the rate at which they will sell that currency. The quoted rates will incorporate an allowance for a dealer's margin (or profit) in trading, or else the margin may be recovered in the form of a commission or in some other way. Different rates may also be quoted for cash (usually notes only), a documentary form (such as traveler's cheques) or electronically (such as a credit card purchase). The higher rate on documentary transactions has been justified as compensating for the additional time and cost of clearing the document. On the other hand, cash is available for resale immediately, but brings security, storage, and transportation costs, and the cost of tying up capital in a stock of banknotes (bills)..comment In finance, an exchange rate (also known as a foreign-exchange rate, forex rate, ER, FX rate or Agio) between two currencies is the rate at which one currency will be exchanged for another. It is also regarded as the value of one country’s currency in relation to another currency. For example, an interbank exchange rate of 119 Japanese yen (JPY, ¥) to the United States dollar (US$) means that ¥119 will be exchanged for each US$1 or that US$1 will be exchanged for each ¥119. In this case it is said that the price of a dollar in relation to yen is ¥119, or equivalently that the price of a yen in relation to dollars is $1/119..
2/3	==SS== The amount of one currency that a person or institution defines as equivalent to another when either buying or selling it at any particular moment
3/3	==SS== The rate at which one currency can be exchanged for another, usually expressed as the value of the one in terms of the other.
===34	face value	3
1/3	==SS== No more or less than what is stated; a literal or direct meaning or interpretation.''Please take this comment at '''face value''' and don't try to read anything into it.'' 
2/3	==SS== The amount or value listed on a bill, note, stamp, etc.; the stated value or amount.
3/3	==DB== Face value.The face value is the value of a coin, stamp or paper money, as printed on the coin, stamp or bill itself by the issuing authority. The face value of coins, stamps, or bill is usually its legal value. However, their market value need not bear any relationship to the face value. For example, some rare coins or stamps may be traded at prices considerably above their face value..comment The face value is the value of a coin, stamp or paper money, as printed on the coin, stamp or bill itself by the issuing authority. The face value of coins, stamps, or bill is usually its legal value. However, their market value need not bear any relationship to the face value. For example, some rare coins or stamps may be traded at prices considerably above their face value..
===35	fallen angel	39
1/39	==DB== Fallen Angel (Robbie Robertson song).
2/39	==DB== Fallen Angels.length 2270.0.released 2016-05-20.lastAlbum The Bootleg Series Vol. 12: The Cutting Edge 1965–1966.Fallen Angels (Bob Dylan album).Fallen Angels is the thirty-seventh studio album by Bob Dylan, released by Columbia Records on May 20, 2016. The album features covers of twelve classic American songs chosen by Dylan from a diverse array of writers such as Johnny Mercer, Harold Arlen, Sammy Cahn and Carolyn Leigh. Much like the album's predecessor, Shadows in the Night, every song on the album, except for "Skylark", was once recorded by Frank Sinatra. The album has received generally favorable reviews from critics, with particular praise for Dylan's vocal performance, production quality, and the arrangements of his band..comment Fallen Angels is the thirty-seventh studio album by Bob Dylan, released by Columbia Records on May 20, 2016. The album features covers of twelve classic American songs chosen by Dylan from a diverse array of writers such as Johnny Mercer, Harold Arlen, Sammy Cahn and Carolyn Leigh. Much like the album's predecessor, Shadows in the Night, every song on the album, except for "Skylark", was once recorded by Frank Sinatra. The album has received generally favorable reviews from critics, with particular praise for Dylan's vocal performance, production quality, and the arrangements of his band..
3/39	==DB== Fallen Angels.length 219.0.lastSingle "Perfect Weapon".nextSingle "The Legacy".Fallen Angels (Black Veil Brides song)."Fallen Angels" is the third single by the American rock band, Black Veil Brides, and the first single from their second album Set the World on Fire. The song is inspired by the biblical story told in the Book of Revelation, Chapter 12, in which Satan and one-third of God's angels rebelled against God, starting a war in Heaven and were therefore cast out of Heaven to the earth, becoming "fallen angels." The story was introduced to Andy Biersack and the Black Veil Brides by their band artist Richard Villa:.comment "Fallen Angels" is the third single by the American rock band, Black Veil Brides, and the first single from their second album Set the World on Fire. The song is inspired by the biblical story told in the Book of Revelation, Chapter 12, in which Satan and one-third of God's angels rebelled against God, starting a war in Heaven and were therefore cast out of Heaven to the earth, becoming "fallen angels." The story was introduced to Andy Biersack and the Black Veil Brides by their band artist Richard Villa:.
4/39	==DB== genre 2.composer Masaki Izutani.title The Fallen Angels.designer Kouzou Fujimoto.designer Mitsuo Kodama.The Fallen Angels (video game).The Fallen Angels (堕落天使 Daraku Tenshi) is a 1998 2D versus fighting arcade game developed by the Steel Hearts development team and published by Psikyo. It is Psikyo's second attempt in the 2D versus fighting genre after Battle K-Road. Information about the game's development and fate are scarce, though it is widely reported that it was released without being completely developed. The sprites for 4 unplayable characters have been found in the ROMs of the game. The developers of the game then reportedly moved back to SNK, supported by the observation that many of the characters bear striking resemblances to fighters that later appeared in SNK's The King of Fighters series and Garou: Mark of the Wolves. Game director Mitsuo Kodama was a designer on some SNK titles, including The King of Fighters '99, and has been a founding and active member of K2 LLC. In The King of Fighters '99, the boss character Krizalid's theme is titled "Dear Falling Angel"..comment The Fallen Angels (堕落天使 Daraku Tenshi) is a 1998 2D versus fighting arcade game developed by the Steel Hearts development team and published by Psikyo. It is Psikyo's second attempt in the 2D versus fighting genre after Battle K-Road..
5/39	==DB== Fallen Angel.length 363.0.next "One More Red Nightmare".trackNo 2.Fallen Angel (King Crimson song)."Fallen Angel" is a song by progressive rock band King Crimson, the second track on their album Red. The verse is in 4/4 time with the chorus in 3/4. The song is about a boy who gets his younger brother to join in the Hells Angels with him, and eventually watches him die in a fight in New York City, New York. "Fallen Angel" is the last King Crimson recording to date to feature Robert Fripp playing acoustic guitar. On subsequent recordings, he has played only electric guitar. The song began as part of an extended instrumental improvisatory piece performed by the original 1972–74 line-up with Jamie Muir and David Cross. A version of this early piece, also titled "Improv: Fallen Angel" can be heard on the King Crimson Collectors' Club release "Live at the Zoom Club October 1972". There is also a performance of "Improv: Fallen Angel Hullabaloo" on CD5 of the 2012 Larks' Tongues in Aspic box set - "Hull Technical College - November 10, 1972"..comment "Fallen Angel" is a song by progressive rock band King Crimson, the second track on their album Red. The verse is in 4/4 time with the chorus in 3/4. The song is about a boy who gets his younger brother to join in the Hells Angels with him, and eventually watches him die in a fight in New York City, New York..
6/39	==DB== Fallen Angel (Xena episode).
7/39	==DB== Fallen angel.A fallen angel is a wicked or rebellious angel that has been cast out of heaven. The term "fallen angel" does not appear in the Bible, but it is used of angels who sinned (such as those referred to in 2 Peter 2:4, "For if God did not spare angels when they sinned, but cast them into hell and committed them to chains of gloomy darkness to be kept until the judgment ..."), of angels cast down to the earth in the War in Heaven, of Satan, demons, or of certain Watchers. The term has become popular in fictional literature regarding angels. Mention of angels who descended to Mount Hermon (not "fell" to Earth) is found in the Book of Enoch, which the Ethiopian Orthodox Church and Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church accept as canonical, as well as in various pseudepigrapha..comment A fallen angel is a wicked or rebellious angel that has been cast out of heaven. The term "fallen angel" does not appear in the Bible, but it is used of angels who sinned (such as those referred to in 2 Peter 2:4, "For if God did not spare angels when they sinned, but cast them into hell and committed them to chains of gloomy darkness to be kept until the judgment ..."), of angels cast down to the earth in the War in Heaven, of Satan, demons, or of certain Watchers. The term has become popular in fictional literature regarding angels..
8/39	==DB== Fallen Angel.length 2376.0.lastAlbum Innocent Victim.nextAlbum Conquest.Fallen Angel (Uriah Heep album).Fallen Angel is the 12th album released by British rock band Uriah Heep in 1978.The ever-evolving story of Uriah Heep found them exploring a more commercial vein than usual on this 1978 release. Fallen Angel reached No. 186 in the US but in Germany the band was at the height of their popularity..comment Fallen Angel is the 12th album released by British rock band Uriah Heep in 1978.The ever-evolving story of Uriah Heep found them exploring a more commercial vein than usual on this 1978 release. Fallen Angel reached No. 186 in the US but in Germany the band was at the height of their popularity..
9/39	==DB== Fallen angel.length 1284.0.released 2006-05-23.artist 25.lastAlbum Hellbound, misery, torment.Fallen Angel (25 ta Life album).Fallen angel is an extended play by the American hardcore punk band 25 ta Life, which was released on May 23, 2006. It is also available on blue vinyl 12", which was limited to 500 copies. This record was dedicated to Achilleas "Archie" Kalafatis. SIB stands for Strong Island Boys..comment Fallen angel is an extended play by the American hardcore punk band 25 ta Life, which was released on May 23, 2006. It is also available on blue vinyl 12", which was limited to 500 copies. This record was dedicated to Achilleas "Archie" Kalafatis. SIB stands for Strong Island Boys..
10/39	==DB== The Fallen Angel (2010 film).
11/39	==DB== Fallen Angels.writer Thomas Moldestad.runtime 5700.0.Fallen Angels (2008 film).Fallen Angels (Norwegian: Varg Veum: Falne engler) is a 2008 film directed by Morten Tyldum. It was nominated for numerous Amanda Awards in 2008. It is the fourth film in the Varg Veum series..comment Fallen Angels (Norwegian: Varg Veum: Falne engler) is a 2008 film directed by Morten Tyldum. It was nominated for numerous Amanda Awards in 2008. It is the fourth film in the Varg Veum series..
12/39	==DB== Fallen Angels.author Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle, and Michael Flynn.genre Dystopian science fiction.isbn 0.dewey 813.congress PS3564.I9 F35 1991.oclc 50129308.mediaType Print and eBook.Fallen Angels (science fiction novel).Fallen Angels (1991) is a science fiction novel by American science fiction authors Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle, and Michael Flynn published by Jim Baen. The winner of 1992 Prometheus Award, the novel was written as a tribute to science fiction fandom, and includes many of its well-known figures, legends, and practices. It also champions modern technology and heaps scorn upon its critics - budget cutting politicians, fringe environmentalists and the forces of ignorance. An ebook of this text was among the first released by the Baen Free Library. The novel takes aim at several targets of ridicule: Senator William Proxmire, radical environmentalists and mystics, such as one character who believes that one cannot freeze to death in the snow because ice is a crystal and "crystals are healing." It also mocks ignorance in journalism, which greatly helps the main characters (for example, one "expert" cited in a news article believes that the astronauts must have superhuman strength, based on a photograph of a weightless astronaut easily handling heavy construction equipment) and the non-scientific world in general. Several real people are tuckerized into the book in a more positive light, including many fans who made donations to charity for that express purpose and a character called "RMS" (presumably Richard M. Stallman) who leads a network of hackers called the Legion of Doom, connected by a series of BBS systems..comment Fallen Angels (1991) is a science fiction novel by American science fiction authors Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle, and Michael Flynn published by Jim Baen. The winner of 1992 Prometheus Award, the novel was written as a tribute to science fiction fandom, and includes many of its well-known figures, legends, and practices. It also champions modern technology and heaps scorn upon its critics - budget cutting politicians, fringe environmentalists and the forces of ignorance. An ebook of this text was among the first released by the Baen Free Library..
13/39	==DB== Fallen Angels.墮落天使.writer Wong Kar-wai.runtime 5400.0.cinematography Joe Chan.music Roel A. Garcia.gross HK$7,476,025.gross 163145.0.Fallen Angels (1995 film).Fallen Angels is a 1995 Hong Kong drama film written and directed by Wong Kar-wai, starring Leon Lai, Michelle Reis, Takeshi Kaneshiro, Charlie Yeung, and Karen Mok. Fallen Angels can be seen as a companion piece to Chungking Express. It was originally conceived as the third story for Chungking Express, but Fallen Angels can be considered a spiritual sequel due to similar themes, locations and methods of filming, while one of the main characters lives in the Chungking Mansions and works at the Midnight Express food stall..comment Fallen Angels is a 1995 Hong Kong drama film written and directed by Wong Kar-wai, starring Leon Lai, Michelle Reis, Takeshi Kaneshiro, Charlie Yeung, and Karen Mok. Fallen Angels can be seen as a companion piece to Chungking Express. It was originally conceived as the third story for Chungking Express, but Fallen Angels can be considered a spiritual sequel due to similar themes, locations and methods of filming, while one of the main characters lives in the Chungking Mansions and works at the Midnight Express food stall..
14/39	==SS== A bond that has declined in value due to credit deterioration to become a junk bond.
15/39	==DB== Fallen Angel (2003 film).Fallen Angel is a 2003 film. When his father dies, Terry (Gary Sinese) returns to the house where he grew up, planning to stay only long enough to clean and settle the estate. Yet something indescribable keeps him there longer than expected. Soon, he is reunited with memories and people from his past and his life is changed forever..comment Fallen Angel is a 2003 film. When his father dies, Terry (Gary Sinese) returns to the house where he grew up, planning to stay only long enough to clean and settle the estate. Yet something indescribable keeps him there longer than expected. Soon, he is reunited with memories and people from his past and his life is changed forever..
16/39	==DB== Fallen Angel (Wilkins novel).
17/39	==DB== presenter Lynette Walden.producer Steve Golin.runtime 1800.0.showName Fallen Angels.numSeasons 2.numEpisodes 15.company Propaganda Films.company Mirage Enterprises.pictureFormat 35.0.firstAired 1993-08-01.Fallen Angels (TV series).Fallen Angels is an American neo-noir anthology television series that ran from 1993 to 1995 on the Showtime pay cable station and was produced by Propaganda Films. No first-run episodes were shown in 1994. The series was executive produced by Sydney Pollack and produced by Steve Golin and others. The theme song was written by Elmer Bernstein and the original music was written by Peter Bernstein. Period torch songs by performers like Patti Page and Billie Holiday were used periodically. In Europe, the show is known as Perfect Crimes and shown in France on Canal +, and in England..comment Fallen Angels is an American neo-noir anthology television series that ran from 1993 to 1995 on the Showtime pay cable station and was produced by Propaganda Films. No first-run episodes were shown in 1994. The series was executive produced by Sydney Pollack and produced by Steve Golin and others. The theme song was written by Elmer Bernstein and the original music was written by Peter Bernstein. Period torch songs by performers like Patti Page and Billie Holiday were used periodically. In Europe, the show is known as Perfect Crimes and shown in France on Canal +, and in England..
18/39	==DB== Fallen Angels.pages 323.isbn 0.Fallen Angels (Myers novel).Fallen Angels is a 1988 young-adult novel written by Walter Dean Myers, about the Vietnam War. It won the 1988 Coretta Scott King Award. Fallen Angels is listed as number 16 in the American Library Association's list of 100 most frequently challenged books of 1990–2000 due to its use of profanity and realistic depiction of the war..comment Fallen Angels is a 1988 young-adult novel written by Walter Dean Myers, about the Vietnam War. It won the 1988 Coretta Scott King Award. Fallen Angels is listed as number 16 in the American Library Association's list of 100 most frequently challenged books of 1990–2000 due to its use of profanity and realistic depiction of the war..
19/39	==DB== Fallen Angel (cocktail).The Fallen Angel is a gin cocktail. The ingredients include gin, green creme de menthe, Angostura bitters and lemon or lime juice..comment The Fallen Angel is a gin cocktail. The ingredients include gin, green creme de menthe, Angostura bitters and lemon or lime juice..
20/39	==DB== runtime 5760.0.showName Fallen Angel.executiveProducer Jim Green.firstAired 1981-02-24.network CBS.Fallen Angel (1981 film).Fallen Angel is a 1981 made-for-TV film which explores pedophilia. It was directed by Robert Michael Lewis, written by Lew Hunter, and stars Dana Hill, Melinda Dillon, Richard Masur, and Ronny Cox. It is a Green/Epstein Production in association with Columbia Pictures Television. The film received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Drama Special, and won a Young Artist Award for star Hill in the category of Best Young Actress. After its initial airing on CBS, it was later released on VHS by RCA/Columbia Pictures Home Video in 1983, and turned up occasionally via syndication and cable television into the mid-1990s..comment Fallen Angel is a 1981 made-for-TV film which explores pedophilia. It was directed by Robert Michael Lewis, written by Lew Hunter, and stars Dana Hill, Melinda Dillon, Richard Masur, and Ronny Cox. It is a Green/Epstein Production in association with Columbia Pictures Television. The film received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Drama Special, and won a Young Artist Award for star Hill in the category of Best Young Actress..
21/39	==DB== The Fallen Angel (Daniel Silva novel).
22/39	==DB== Fallen Angels.artist Knox, Nasty Suicide, Sam Yaffa, Razzle.Fallen Angels (Fallen Angels album).Fallen Angels is a 1984 punk album by the band Fallen Angels, a project of Knox of The Vibrators and members of Hanoi Rocks; Nasty Suicide, Sam Yaffa, Razzle, Mike Monroe, Andy McCoy..comment Fallen Angels is a 1984 punk album by the band Fallen Angels, a project of Knox of The Vibrators and members of Hanoi Rocks; Nasty Suicide, Sam Yaffa, Razzle, Mike Monroe, Andy McCoy..
23/39	==DB== Phil May & the Fallen Angels.
24/39	==DB== Fallen Angels (Australian TV series).Fallen Angels is an Australian television series, aired by the ABC in 1997. Twenty episodes were produced, portraying a community legal centre in Endeavour Park, a fictional western suburb of Sydney, and the interesting clients represented by its overworked lawyers..comment Fallen Angels is an Australian television series, aired by the ABC in 1997. Twenty episodes were produced, portraying a community legal centre in Endeavour Park, a fictional western suburb of Sydney, and the interesting clients represented by its overworked lawyers..
25/39	==DB== Fallen Angels.length 3457.0.released 2011-11-28.lastAlbum Hell.nextAlbum From the Very Depths.Fallen Angels (Venom album).Fallen Angels is the thirteenth studio album by English heavy metal band Venom. It was released by Spinefarm/Universal on 28 November 2011..comment Fallen Angels is the thirteenth studio album by English heavy metal band Venom. It was released by Spinefarm/Universal on 28 November 2011..
26/39	==DB== related Wings of Desire.showName Fallen Angel.numEpisodes 25.Fallen Angel (TV series).Fallen Angel (simplified Chinese: 天使的烙印) is a Mandarin Chinese episodic drama produced jointly by Singaporean broadcaster MediaCorp TV and Malaysian broadcaster Media Prima Berhad. It was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8. It made its debut on 6 July 2007 and ended on 30 August 2007. This drama serial consists of 25 episodes, and was screened on every weekend night at 7:00 pm to 9:00 pm. It was the first joint production between the two companies, and is a remake of Television Corporation of Singapore (now MediaCorp) drama Wings Of Desire..comment Fallen Angel (simplified Chinese: 天使的烙印) is a Mandarin Chinese episodic drama produced jointly by Singaporean broadcaster MediaCorp TV and Malaysian broadcaster Media Prima Berhad. It was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8. It made its debut on 6 July 2007 and ended on 30 August 2007. This drama serial consists of 25 episodes, and was screened on every weekend night at 7:00 pm to 9:00 pm. It was the first joint production between the two companies, and is a remake of Television Corporation of Singapore (now MediaCorp) drama Wings Of Desire..
27/39	==DB== runtime 3600.0.creator Andrew Taylor.creator Peter Ransley.showName Fallen Angel.starring Richard Manlove.numEpisodes 3.firstAired 2007-03-11.lastAired 2007-03-13.numSeries 1.Fallen Angel (UK TV series).Fallen Angel is an ITV crime drama series, first broadcast on 11 March 2007, which is based on the Roth Trilogy of novels by Andrew Taylor. It tells the story of Rosie Byfield, a clergyman's daughter, who grows up to be a psychopathic killer. It has an unusual narrative that moves backwards in time as it uncovers the layers of Rosie's past. Starring Charles Dance and Emilia Fox, the series was subtitled The Making of a Murderer for the DVD release, which followed on 19 March..comment Fallen Angel is an ITV crime drama series, first broadcast on 11 March 2007, which is based on the Roth Trilogy of novels by Andrew Taylor. It tells the story of Rosie Byfield, a clergyman's daughter, who grows up to be a psychopathic killer. It has an unusual narrative that moves backwards in time as it uncovers the layers of Rosie's past. Starring Charles Dance and Emilia Fox, the series was subtitled The Making of a Murderer for the DVD release, which followed on 19 March..
28/39	==DB== Fallen Angels (Hanoi Rocks album).
29/39	==SS== an angel who rebelled against God and was exiled from heaven.
30/39	==DB== title Sacred 2: Fallen Angel.designer Bob Bates.series Sacred.released --05-12.released --11-07.released Microsoft Windows.Sacred 2: Fallen Angel.Sacred 2: Fallen Angel is an action role-playing game. It is the second full game in the Sacred video game series. It is a prequel which takes place 2,000 years before the events of Sacred. Like its predecessor, the game takes place in a fantasy setting. A new game engine allows the game to be rendered in perspective correct 3D, while retaining the viewpoint found in older isometric games. Video game designer Bob Bates has been involved in its production. Power metal band Blind Guardian wrote the song "Sacred Worlds" as the theme for the game and also make an appearance as characters. The PC version was released in late 2008, the console versions were delayed until 2009 with the discs being pressed in April 2009 for a May release, in April the developer, Ascaron, went into administration citing the extended development as the reason. An add-on titled Ice & Blood was released October 2 for European PC players only. Support for the US PC version has been taken over by Deep Silver, though all support for current and future expansions and console versions in the US has been dropped..comment Sacred 2: Fallen Angel is an action role-playing game. It is the second full game in the Sacred video game series. It is a prequel which takes place 2,000 years before the events of Sacred. Like its predecessor, the game takes place in a fantasy setting. A new game engine allows the game to be rendered in perspective correct 3D, while retaining the viewpoint found in older isometric games. Video game designer Bob Bates has been involved in its production. Power metal band Blind Guardian wrote the song "Sacred Worlds" as the theme for the game and also make an appearance as characters..
31/39	==DB== title Fallen Angels.Fallen Angels (comics).Fallen Angels is a team of fictional comic book superhuman teenagers in the Marvel Comics universe. A spin-off of The New Mutants, the series starred Sunspot and Warlock along with the character Boom-Boom from X-Factor, along with several additional characters, many of whom were obscure Marvel figures. The team's only appearances were in the Fallen Angels eight-issue limited series, written by Jo Duffy, which ran from April 1987 to November 1987. The series was originally titled Misfits. Early ads and solicitations for the series showed this title shortly before it was released. A second mini-series was planned but never published..comment Fallen Angels is a team of fictional comic book superhuman teenagers in the Marvel Comics universe. A spin-off of The New Mutants, the series starred Sunspot and Warlock along with the character Boom-Boom from X-Factor, along with several additional characters, many of whom were obscure Marvel figures..
32/39	==DB== 
33/39	==DB== title Fallen Angel.season 1.airdate 1993-11-19.episode 10.guests *Frederick Coffin as Joseph McGrath *Marshall Bell as Calvin Henderson *Scott Bellis as Max Fenig *Jerry Hardin as Deep Throat.Fallen Angel (The X-Files)."Fallen Angel" is the tenth episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files. It premiered on the Fox network on November 19, 1993. It was written by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa, and directed by Larry Shaw. The episode featured the first of three guest appearances by Scott Bellis as Max Fenig, and saw Jerry Hardin reprise his role as Deep Throat. The episode helped explore the series' overarching mythology. The episode was mostly well received. The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), who work on cases called X-Files, which are linked to the paranormal. When Mulder and Scully investigate a mysterious crash site, they find that the official reports of the incident may be covering up the crash of a UFO. Meanwhile, Mulder meets a ufologist who he believes may be a former abductee. The episode introduced the UFO fanatic character Max Fenig, who would go on to be a minor recurring character. Fenig would later appear in the fourth season episodes "Tempus Fugit" and "Max". In addition, Fenig also laid the template for the introduction of The Lone Gunmen in the later first-season episode "E.B.E.".comment "Fallen Angel" is the tenth episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files. It premiered on the Fox network on November 19, 1993. It was written by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa, and directed by Larry Shaw. The episode featured the first of three guest appearances by Scott Bellis as Max Fenig, and saw Jerry Hardin reprise his role as Deep Throat. The episode helped explore the series' overarching mythology. The episode was mostly well received..
34/39	==DB== Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television.publisher Grove Press.pages 274.isbn 0.dewey 812.congress PN6120.T4 F35 1993.oclc 28291287.releaseDate 1993-09-01.Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television.Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television is a 1993 anthology, published by Grove Press as a tie-in to the Showtime television series Fallen Angels that appeared in the fall of 1993. The book contains six stories by six masters of hard-boiled noir and the teleplays for their film adaptations. The hard-boiled stories were written by: Raymond Chandler, Jim Thompson, William Campbell Gault, Cornell Woolrich, Jonathan Craig and James Ellroy. Preface: by James Ellroy..comment Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television is a 1993 anthology, published by Grove Press as a tie-in to the Showtime television series Fallen Angels that appeared in the fall of 1993. The book contains six stories by six masters of hard-boiled noir and the teleplays for their film adaptations. The hard-boiled stories were written by: Raymond Chandler, Jim Thompson, William Campbell Gault, Cornell Woolrich, Jonathan Craig and James Ellroy. Preface: by James Ellroy..
35/39	==SS== A (usually attractive) person, usually a woman, who has become deprived of money or morals.
36/39	==DB== Fallen Angel (Poison song)."Fallen Angel" is the second single from Open Up and Say...Ahh!, American glam metal band Poison's second studio album. The b-side of the seven inch was "Bad to Be Good"..comment "Fallen Angel" is the second single from Open Up and Say...Ahh!, American glam metal band Poison's second studio album. The b-side of the seven inch was "Bad to Be Good"..
37/39	==DB== Fallen Angel.director Otto Preminger.distributor 20.runtime 5880.0.gross 1500000.0.Fallen Angel (1945 film).Fallen Angel is a 1945 black-and-white film noir directed by Otto Preminger, with cinematography by Joseph LaShelle, who had also worked with Preminger on Laura a year before. The film features Alice Faye, Dana Andrews, Linda Darnell, and Charles Bickford. It was the last film Faye made as a major Hollywood star, and she did not make another film until State Fair (1962)..comment Fallen Angel is a 1945 black-and-white film noir directed by Otto Preminger, with cinematography by Joseph LaShelle, who had also worked with Preminger on Laura a year before. The film features Alice Faye, Dana Andrews, Linda Darnell, and Charles Bickford. It was the last film Faye made as a major Hollywood star, and she did not make another film until State Fair (1962)..
38/39	==DB== title Fallen Angel.Fallen Angel (comics).Fallen Angel is an American fictional comic book heroine created and owned by writer Peter David and artist David López, who appears in her self-titled monthly series. It was published by DC Comics from July 2003 until it was canceled with issue #20 in May 2005 because of low sales. It resumed publication through IDW Publishing in December 2005, and ran for 33 issues. It has since been followed by two mini-series, Fallen Angel: Reborn and Fallen Angel: Return of the Son. While not completely without humor, it is a very dark book with morally ambiguous characters. It was also one of the few "mature readers" books that DC published outside of its Vertigo imprint and was created to serve as a "bridge" between the general-audience DC titles and its Vertigo titles. The first series was illustrated in the typical pen-and-ink method of the comic book industry by penciller David López and inker Fernando Blanco. The first five-issue arc of the second series was painted by J. K. Woodward, though both Woodward and guest artists have utilized the traditional pen-and-ink method since then..comment Fallen Angel is an American fictional comic book heroine created and owned by writer Peter David and artist David López, who appears in her self-titled monthly series. It was published by DC Comics from July 2003 until it was canceled with issue #20 in May 2005 because of low sales. It resumed publication through IDW Publishing in December 2005, and ran for 33 issues. It has since been followed by two mini-series, Fallen Angel: Reborn and Fallen Angel: Return of the Son..
39/39	==DB== Fallen Angels (play).Fallen Angels is a comedy by the English playwright Noël Coward. It opened at the Globe Theatre, London (now called the Gielgud Theatre) on 21 April 1925 and ran until 29 August. The central theme of two wives admitting to premarital sex and contemplating adultery met hostility from the office of the official theatre censor, the Lord Chamberlain, and the necessary licence was granted only after the personal intervention of the Chamberlain..comment Fallen Angels is a comedy by the English playwright Noël Coward. It opened at the Globe Theatre, London (now called the Gielgud Theatre) on 21 April 1925 and ran until 29 August. The central theme of two wives admitting to premarital sex and contemplating adultery met hostility from the office of the official theatre censor, the Lord Chamberlain, and the necessary licence was granted only after the personal intervention of the Chamberlain..
===36	family tree	3
1/3	==DB== Family tree.A family tree, or pedigree chart, is a chart representing family relationships in a conventional tree structure. The more detailed family trees used in medicine and social work are known as genograms..comment A family tree, or pedigree chart, is a chart representing family relationships in a conventional tree structure. The more detailed family trees used in medicine and social work are known as genograms..
2/3	==SS== A diagrammatic representation of a pedigree, illustrating the connections between a person's ancestors.
3/3	==SS== The totality of someone's ancestors.
===37	feature film	3
1/3	==DB== Feature film.A feature film is a film (also called a movie, motion picture or just film) with a running time long enough to be considered the principal or sole film to fill a program. The notion of how long this should be has varied according to time and place. According to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, American Film Institute, and British Film Institute, a feature film runs for 40 minutes or longer, while the Screen Actors Guild states that it is 80 minutes or longer. The majority of feature films are between 70 and 210 minutes long. The Story of the Kelly Gang (1906, Australia) was the first dramatic feature film released (running at approximately 60 minutes). An earlier The Corbett-Fitzsimmons Fight (1897, U.S.) is considered by some as the first documentary feature film (running time is 100 minutes), however it is more accurately characterized as a sports program as it included the full unedited boxing match. The first feature-length adaptation was Les Misérables (1909, U.S.). Other early feature films include The Inferno (L'Inferno) (1911), Quo Vadis? (1913), Oliver Twist (1912), Richard III (1912), From the Manger to the Cross (1912), and Cleopatra (1912)..comment A feature film is a film (also called a movie, motion picture or just film) with a running time long enough to be considered the principal or sole film to fill a program. The notion of how long this should be has varied according to time and place. According to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, American Film Institute, and British Film Institute, a feature film runs for 40 minutes or longer, while the Screen Actors Guild states that it is 80 minutes or longer..
2/3	==SS== Any film produced to be shown in cinemas before being released for home viewing.
3/3	==SS== The main, full-length film in a cinema program that also included a short film and often a newsreel.
===38	field goal	5
1/5	==DB== Goal (sport).In sports, a goal is a physical structure or area where an attacking team must send the ball or puck in order to score points. In several sports, a goal is the sole method of scoring, and thus the final score is expressed in the total number of goals scored by each team. In other sports, a goal may be one of several scoring methods, and thus may be worth a different set number of points than the others. The structure of a goal varies from sport to sport. Most often, it is a rectangular structure that is placed at each end of the playing field. Each structure usually consists of two vertical posts, called goal posts, supporting a horizontal crossbar. A goal line marked on the playing surface between the goal posts demarcates the goal area. Thus, the objective is to send the ball or puck between the goal posts, under or over the crossbar (depending on the sport), and across the goal line. Less commonly, as in basketball or netball, goals are ring-shaped. The structure is often accompanied with an auxiliary net, which stops or slows down the ball when a goal is scored..comment In sports, a goal is a physical structure or area where an attacking team must send the ball or puck in order to score points. In several sports, a goal is the sole method of scoring, and thus the final score is expressed in the total number of goals scored by each team. In other sports, a goal may be one of several scoring methods, and thus may be worth a different set number of points than the others..
2/5	==SS== A goal scored where a ball that is in play but on the ground is kicked through the uprights and over the crossbar.
3/5	==SS== When the ball is kicked through the uprights and over the crossbar (not after a touchdown) for 3 points.''He kicked a 33 yard '''field goal''' just before the half.'' 
4/5	==SS== A made shot that was not a free throw.''He got six '''field goals''' in the first half, two from three-point land.'' 
5/5	==DB== Field goal.A field goal (FG) is a means of scoring in American football and Canadian football. To score a field goal the team in possession of the ball must place kick, or drop kick, the ball through the goal, i.e., between the uprights and over the crossbar. American football requires that a field goal must only come during a play from scrimmage, while Canadian football retains open field kicks and thus field goals may be scored at any time from anywhere on the field and by any player. The vast majority of field goals, in both codes, are placed kicked. Drop kicked field goals were common in the early days of Gridiron football but are almost never done in modern times. In most leagues, a successful field goal awards three points (a notable exception is in six-man football where, due to the difficulty of making a successful field goal because of the small number of players available to stop the opposing team from attempting a block, a field goal is worth four points). A field goal may also be scored through a fair catch kick, but this is extremely rare. Since a field goal is worth only three points, as opposed to a touchdown, which is worth six points, it is usually only attempted in specific situations (see ). The goal structure consists of a horizontal crossbar suspended 10 feet (3.0 m) above the ground, with two vertical goalposts 18 feet 6 inches (5.64 m) apart extending vertically from each end of the crossbar. In American football the goals are centered on each end line; in Canadian football the goals are centered on each goal line..comment A field goal (FG) is a means of scoring in American football and Canadian football. To score a field goal the team in possession of the ball must place kick, or drop kick, the ball through the goal, i.e., between the uprights and over the crossbar. American football requires that a field goal must only come during a play from scrimmage, while Canadian football retains open field kicks and thus field goals may be scored at any time from anywhere on the field and by any player. The vast majority of field goals, in both codes, are placed kicked. Drop kicked field goals were common in the early days of Gridiron football but are almost never done in modern times. In most leagues, a successful field goal awards three points (a notable exception is in six-man football where, due to the difficulty.
===39	field work	3
1/3	==SS== The collection of raw data, in the field
2/3	==DB== Field research.Field research or fieldwork is the collection of information outside a laboratory, library or workplace setting. The approaches and methods used in field research vary across disciplines. For example, biologists who conduct field research may simply observe animals interacting with their environments, whereas social scientists conducting field research may interview or observe people in their natural environments to learn their languages, folklore, and social structures. Field research involves a range of well-defined, although variable, methods: informal interviews, direct observation, participation in the life of the group, collective discussions, analyses of personal documents produced within the group, self-analysis, results from activities undertaken off- or on-line, and life-histories. Although the method generally is characterized as qualitative research, it may (and often does) include quantitative dimensions..comment Field research or fieldwork is the collection of information outside a laboratory, library or workplace setting. The approaches and methods used in field research vary across disciplines. For example, biologists who conduct field research may simply observe animals interacting with their environments, whereas social scientists conducting field research may interview or observe people in their natural environments to learn their languages, folklore, and social structures..
3/3	==SS== A temporary fortification in the field
===40	finish line	10
1/10	==SS== The end of a process.
2/10	==DB== 
3/10	==SS== A line marking the end of a race.{{ux|en|The five exhausted runners crossed the '''finish line''' one after the other.}} 
4/10	==DB== Finish Line (Lou Reed song).
5/10	==DB== Finish Line, Inc..locations 656.keyPeople Sam Sato, Chairman, & CEO.products Clothing and shoes.revenue 1.44E9.Finish Line, Inc..Finish Line NASDAQ: FINL is an American retail chain that sells athletic shoes and related apparel and accessories. The company operates 660 stores in 47 states, mostly in enclosed shopping malls, as well as Finish Line-branded athletic shoe departments in more than 450 Macy's stores..comment Finish Line NASDAQ: FINL is an American retail chain that sells athletic shoes and related apparel and accessories. The company operates 660 stores in 47 states, mostly in enclosed shopping malls, as well as Finish Line-branded athletic shoe departments in more than 450 Macy's stores..
6/10	==DB== Finish Line (1989 film).Finish Line is a 1989 television movie originally broadcast on Turner Network Television starring real life father and son James and Josh Brolin. The movie also features Stephen Lang as a hard driving track coach and an early appearance by Mariska Hargitay as a student reporter. The movie is about a young college athlete with dreams of Olympic gold whose experimentation with steroids leads to a tragic finale for all those involved. The film was released at a time when little was known about the harmful effects of steroids..comment Finish Line is a 1989 television movie originally broadcast on Turner Network Television starring real life father and son James and Josh Brolin. The movie also features Stephen Lang as a hard driving track coach and an early appearance by Mariska Hargitay as a student reporter. The movie is about a young college athlete with dreams of Olympic gold whose experimentation with steroids leads to a tragic finale for all those involved. The film was released at a time when little was known about the harmful effects of steroids..
7/10	==DB== The Finish Line (Axium song).
8/10	==DB== Finish Line.genre *.producer *.producer * Marc Williams.length 239.0.released 2011-05-08.format *.format 12".lastSingle "On My Own".nextSingle "Young Guns".Finish Line (Yasmin song)."Finish Line" is a song recorded by British artist Yasmin. Self-written, produced by Labrinth and co-produced by Marc Williams and featuring a sample from the Stevie Wonder song "As". The song was released on 8 May 2011 as Yasmin's second single..comment "Finish Line" is a song recorded by British artist Yasmin. Self-written, produced by Labrinth and co-produced by Marc Williams and featuring a sample from the Stevie Wonder song "As". The song was released on 8 May 2011 as Yasmin's second single..
9/10	==DB== Finish Line (The Price Is Right).
10/10	==DB== The Finish Line (Train song).
===41	fire alarm	4
1/4	==DB== Fire alarm system.A fire alarm system is number of devices working together to detect and warn people through visual and audio appliances when smoke, fire, carbon monoxide or other emergencies are present. These alarms may be activated from smoke detectors, and heat detectors. Alarms can be either motorized bells or wall mountable sounders or horns. They can also be speaker strobes which sound an alarm, followed by a voice evacuation message which warns people inside the building not to use the elevators. They may also be activated via manual fire alarm activation devices such as manual call points or pull stations. Fire alarm sounders can be set to certain frequencies and different tones including low, medium and high, depending on the country and manufacturer of the device. Most fire alarm systems in Europe sound like a siren with alternating frequencies. Fire alarm sounders in the United States and Canada can be either continuous or set to different codes such as Code 3. Fire alarm warning devices can also be set to different volume levels. Smaller buildings may have the alarm set to a lower volume and larger buildings may have alarms set to a higher level..comment A fire alarm system is number of devices working together to detect and warn people through visual and audio appliances when smoke, fire, carbon monoxide or other emergencies are present. These alarms may be activated from smoke detectors, and heat detectors. Alarms can be either motorized bells or wall mountable sounders or horns. They can also be speaker strobes which sound an alarm, followed by a voice evacuation message which warns people inside the building not to use the elevators. They may also be activated via manual fire alarm activation devices such as manual call points or pull stations. Fire alarm sounders can be set to certain frequencies and different tones including low, medium and high, depending on the country and manufacturer of the device. Most fire alarm systems in Euro.
2/4	==SS== An emergency response to a fire by the fire department with manpower and equipment.
3/4	==SS== The sound or other warning made by a fire alarm.
4/4	==SS== An electromechanical or electronic bell, klaxon, chime, horn, speaker, strobe light or other device which warns people in a building of a possible fire or other condition requiring evacuation.
===42	fire brigade	3
1/3	==SS== A group of people within a corporation or industrial site, organized for the purpose of putting out fires, usually in addition to their normal job.
2/3	==SS== An organization, often part of a local government, whose purpose is preventing and putting out fires.
3/3	==DB== Fire department.A fire department (United States and Canada) or fire brigade (United Kingdom and Commonwealth) (also known as a fire and rescue service or simply fire service) is a public or private organization that provides predominantly emergency firefighting and rescue services for a specific geographic area, which is typically a municipality, county, or fire protection district. In the United States a fire brigade is the private firefighting organization of a company or enterprise, operated under rules from OSHA. A fire department usually contains one or more fire stations within its boundaries, and may be staffed by career firefighters, volunteer firefighters, or a combination thereof (referred to as a combination department). A fire department may also provide "fire protection" or fire prevention services, whereby firefighters visit homes and give fire safety advice and fit smoke alarms for members of the public. In many countries fire protection or prevention is seen as an important role for the fire service, as preventing a fire from occurring in the first place can save lives and property..comment A fire department (United States and Canada) or fire brigade (United Kingdom and Commonwealth) (also known as a fire and rescue service or simply fire service) is a public or private organization that provides predominantly emergency firefighting and rescue services for a specific geographic area, which is typically a municipality, county, or fire protection district. In the United States a fire brigade is the private firefighting organization of a company or enterprise, operated under rules from OSHA. A fire department usually contains one or more fire stations within its boundaries, and may be staffed by career firefighters, volunteer firefighters, or a combination thereof (referred to as a combination department)..
===43	fire drill	4
1/4	==SS== Any pointless, unproductive, useless, or chaotic activity.''Since they've changed the standards again, our previous efforts now just amount to a '''fire drill'''.'' 
2/4	==DB== Fire drill.A fire drill is a method of practicing how a building would be evacuated in the event of a fire or other emergency. Usually, the building's existing fire alarm system is activated and the building is evacuated as if the emergency had occurred. Generally, the time it takes to evacuate is measured to ensure that it occurs within a reasonable length of time, and problems with the emergency system or evacuation procedures are identified to be remedied..comment A fire drill is a method of practicing how a building would be evacuated in the event of a fire or other emergency. Usually, the building's existing fire alarm system is activated and the building is evacuated as if the emergency had occurred. Generally, the time it takes to evacuate is measured to ensure that it occurs within a reasonable length of time, and problems with the emergency system or evacuation procedures are identified to be remedied..
3/4	==SS== A fire starting tool consisting of a wooden rod and an some primitive means of rapidly rotating the rod on a flat surface like a drill until tinder can be ignited.
4/4	==SS== An organized practice to prepare occupants of an office, school or other public building for evacuation in the event of a fire.
===44	flight path	3
1/3	==DB== Airway (aviation).An airway is a legally defined corridor that connects one specified location to another at a specified altitude, along which an aircraft that meets the requirements of the airway may be flown. Airways are defined with segments within a specific altitude block, corridor width, and between fixed geographic coordinates for satellite navigation systems, or between ground-based radio transmitter navigational aids (navaids) (such as VORs or NDBs) or the intersection of specific radials of two navaids..comment An airway is a legally defined corridor that connects one specified location to another at a specified altitude, along which an aircraft that meets the requirements of the airway may be flown. Airways are defined with segments within a specific altitude block, corridor width, and between fixed geographic coordinates for satellite navigation systems, or between ground-based radio transmitter navigational aids (navaids) (such as VORs or NDBs) or the intersection of specific radials of two navaids..
2/3	==SS== A trajectory, the traveled path of a projectile, rocket or aircraft through the air.
3/3	==SS== An airway, the predefined route of travel for an aircraft or spacecraft.
===45	floating point	4
1/4	==DB== Floating Point.producer John McLaughlin.released 2008-05-20.lastAlbum Industrial Zen.nextAlbum To the One.Floating Point.Floating Point is an album by John McLaughlin, released in 2008 through the record label Abstract Logix. The album reached number fourteen on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart..comment Floating Point is an album by John McLaughlin, released in 2008 through the record label Abstract Logix. The album reached number fourteen on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart..
2/4	==DB== Floating point.In computing, floating point is the formulaic representation that approximates a real number so as to support a trade-off between range and precision. A number is, in general, represented approximately to a fixed number of significant digits (the significand) and scaled using an exponent in some fixed base; the base for the scaling is normally two, ten, or sixteen. A number that can be represented exactly is of the following form: where significand ∈ Z, base is an integer ≥ 2, and exponent ∈ Z. For example: The term floating point refers to the fact that a number's radix point (decimal point, or, more commonly in computers, binary point) can "float"; that is, it can be placed anywhere relative to the significant digits of the number. This position is indicated as the exponent component, and thus the floating-point representation can be thought of as a kind of scientific notation. A floating-point system can be used to represent, with a fixed number of digits, numbers of different orders of magnitude: e.g. the distance between galaxies or the diameter of an atomic nucleus can be expressed with the same unit of length. The result of this dynamic range is that the numbers that can be represented are not uniformly spaced; the difference between two consecutive representable numbers grows with the chosen scale. Over the years, a variety of floating-point representations have been used in computers. However, since the 1990s, the most commonly encountered representation is that defined by the IEEE 754 Standard. The speed of floating-point operations, commonly measured in terms of FLOPS, is an important characteristic of a computer system, especially for applications that involve intensive mathematical calculations..comment In computing, floating point is the formulaic representation that approximates a real number so as to support a trade-off between range and precision. A number is, in general, represented approximately to a fixed number of significant digits (the significand) and scaled using an exponent in some fixed base; the base for the scaling is normally two, ten, or sixteen. A number that can be represented exactly is of the following form: where significand ∈ Z, base is an integer ≥ 2, and exponent ∈ Z. For example:.
3/4	==SS== of a number, written in two parts as a mantissa (the value of the digits) and characteristic (order of magnitude / the power of a number base) e.g. 0.314159 x 101
4/4	==SS== of the internal representation of such a number as a pair of integers
===46	folk medicine	3
1/3	==SS== Traditional medical practices developed and used by nonphysicians, typically involving customary homespun techniques and medicinal remedies derived from native plants.
2/3	==DB== Traditional medicine.Traditional medicine (also known as indigenous or folk medicine) comprises medical aspects of traditional knowledge that developed over generations within various societies before the era of modern medicine. The World Health Organization (WHO) defines traditional medicine as "the sum total of the knowledge, skills, and practices based on the theories, beliefs, and experiences indigenous to different cultures, whether explicable or not, used in the maintenance of health as well as in the prevention, diagnosis, improvement or treatment of physical and mental illness." In some Asian and African countries, up to 80% of the population relies on traditional medicine for their primary health care needs. When adopted outside of its traditional culture, traditional medicine is often called alternative medicine. Practices known as traditional medicines include Ayurveda, Siddha medicine, Unani, ancient Iranian medicine, Irani, Islamic medicine, traditional Chinese medicine, traditional Korean medicine, acupuncture, Muti, Ifá, and traditional African medicine. Core disciplines which study traditional medicine include herbalism, ethnomedicine, ethnobotany, and medical anthropology. The WHO notes, however, that "inappropriate use of traditional medicines or practices can have negative or dangerous effects" and that "further research is needed to ascertain the efficacy and safety" of several of the practices and medicinal plants used by traditional medicine systems. The line between alternative medicine and quackery is a contentious subject. Traditional medicine may include formalized aspects of folk medicine, that is to say longstanding remedies passed on and practised by lay people. Folk medicine consists of the healing practices and ideas of body physiology and health preservation known to some in a culture, transmitted informally as general knowledge, and practiced or applied by anyone in the culture having prior experience. Folk medicine may also be referred to as traditional medicine, alternative medicine, indigenous medicine, or natural medicine. These terms are often considered interchangeable, even though some authors may prefer one or the other because of certain overtones they may wish to highlight. In fact, out of these terms perhaps only indigenous medicine and traditional medicine have the same meaning as folk medicine, while the others should be understood rather in a modern or modernized context. Similarly, a home remedy is a treatment to cure a disease or ailment that employs certain spices, vegetables, or other common items. Home remedies may or may not have medicinal properties that treat or cure the disease or ailment in question, as they are typically passed along by lay people (a practice that has been facilitated in recent years by the Internet)..comment Traditional medicine (also known as indigenous or folk medicine) comprises medical aspects of traditional knowledge that developed over generations within various societies before the era of modern medicine. The World Health Organization (WHO) defines traditional medicine as "the sum total of the knowledge, skills, and practices based on the theories, beliefs, and experiences indigenous to different cultures, whether explicable or not, used in the maintenance of health as well as in the prevention, diagnosis, improvement or treatment of physical and mental illness.".
3/3	==SS== A particular medicinal remedy used in such traditional medical practices.
===47	food chain	8
1/8	==DB== Food Chain.released 2014-11-04.lastAlbum Enjoy the Process.recorded Babylon Studios, Van Nuys, California.Food Chain (EP).In contrast to Danielsen's previous solo album Enjoy the Process, which featured only the singer along with his acoustic guitar, Food Chain featured a full band. In October 2014, prior to the release of the EP, the singer released "Rescue Me", the second song from the album via Revolver Magazine. The singer stated that he selected the tune, because "it’s a very powerful song that a lot of people can relate to in this day and age", going on to say that "We live in an overly medicated society, and we all have people close to us being affected"..comment In contrast to Danielsen's previous solo album Enjoy the Process, which featured only the singer along with his acoustic guitar, Food Chain featured a full band. In October 2014, prior to the release of the EP, the singer released "Rescue Me", the second song from the album via Revolver Magazine. The singer stated that he selected the tune, because "it’s a very powerful song that a lot of people can relate to in this day and age", going on to say that "We live in an overly medicated society, and we all have people close to us being affected"..
2/8	==DB== The Food Chain.The Food Chain is a London, United Kingdom-based charity who provide nutritional support services for people living with HIV in London. Formed on Christmas Day 1988, its stated aim is "to ensure people living with HIV in London can access the nutrition they need to get well, stay well and lead healthy, independent lives.". Using a large network of volunteers The Food Chain deliver meals and groceries, offers cookery and nutrition classes and communal eating opportunities to people living with HIV in London and their dependents. These are largely delivered from the Acorn House kitchen near King's Cross. In 2005, The Food Chain won the Queen's Award for Volunteer Organisation of the Year. The Food Chain also won The Guardian Charity of the Year award in 2005, and the National Lottery 'Inspiration' award in 2006..comment The Food Chain is a London, United Kingdom-based charity who provide nutritional support services for people living with HIV in London. Formed on Christmas Day 1988, its stated aim is "to ensure people living with HIV in London can access the nutrition they need to get well, stay well and lead healthy, independent lives.". In 2005, The Food Chain won the Queen's Award for Volunteer Organisation of the Year. The Food Chain also won The Guardian Charity of the Year award in 2005, and the National Lottery 'Inspiration' award in 2006..
3/8	==DB== Food chain.A food chain is a linear network of links in a food web starting from producer organisms (such as grass or trees which use radiation from the sun to make their food) and ending at apex predator species (like grizzly bears or killer whales), detritivores (like earthworms or woodlice), or decomposer species (such as fungi or bacteria). A food chain also shows how the organisms are related with each other by the food they eat. Each level of a food chain represents a different trophic level. A food chain differs from a food web, because the complex network of different animals' feeding relations are aggregated and the chain only follows a direct, linear pathway of one animal at a time. A common metric used to quantify food web trophic structure is food chain length. In its simplest form, the length of a chain is the number of links between a trophic consumer and the base of the web and the mean chain length of an entire web is the arithmetic average of the lengths of all chains in a food web. Food chains were first introduced by the African-Arab scientist and philosopher Al-Jahiz in the 9th century and later popularized in a book published in 1927 by Charles Elton, which also introduced the food web concept..comment A food chain is a linear network of links in a food web starting from producer organisms (such as grass or trees which use radiation from the sun to make their food) and ending at apex predator species (like grizzly bears or killer whales), detritivores (like earthworms or woodlice), or decomposer species (such as fungi or bacteria). A food chain also shows how the organisms are related with each other by the food they eat. Each level of a food chain represents a different trophic level. A food chain differs from a food web, because the complex network of different animals' feeding relations are aggregated and the chain only follows a direct, linear pathway of one animal at a time. A common metric used to quantify food web trophic structure is food chain length. In its simplest form, the l.
4/8	==SS== The feeding relationships between species in a biotic community.
5/8	==DB== Food Chain (Buffy comic).Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Food Chain is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Buffy the Vampire Slayer television series. 'Food Chain was the largest Buffy graphic novel to come out before the Buffy: Omnibus volumes..comment Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Food Chain is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Buffy the Vampire Slayer television series. 'Food Chain was the largest Buffy graphic novel to come out before the Buffy: Omnibus volumes..
6/8	==DB== Food Chains.
7/8	==SS== A hierarchy.''With my promotion this month I will continue my steady journey to the top of the [[food chain]].'' 
8/8	==DB== writer Masaaki Yuasa.title Food Chain.season 6.airdate 2014-06-12.episode 7.Food Chain (Adventure Time)."Food Chain" is the seventh episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time. The episode was written, storyboarded, and directed by Japanese anime director Masaaki Yuasa. The episodes guest stars Regular Show storyboard artist Minty Lewis as Erin the caterpillar. The series follows the adventures of Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada), a human boy, and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio), a dog with magical powers to change shape and grow and shrink at will. In this episode, Finn and Jake learn about the food chain after being turned into its different parts—small birds, big birds, bacteria, plants, and finally caterpillars—by Magic Man (voiced by Tom Kenny). As Finn and Jake journey along the food chain, they meet another character named Erin, whom Finn falls in love with and attempts to marry. The episode concludes with all the main characters singing a song about how the food chain works. The episode was the second (following David OReilly's fifth season installment "A Glitch is a Glitch") in the series to have been directed by someone not affiliated with the series. On the night that it aired, "Food Chain" was watched by a total of 1.97 million viewers. The episode received largely positive reviews from critics, and was nominated for both an Annie Award and an Annecy International Animated Film Festival Award..comment "Food Chain" is the seventh episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time. The episode was written, storyboarded, and directed by Japanese anime director Masaaki Yuasa. The episodes guest stars Regular Show storyboard artist Minty Lewis as Erin the caterpillar..
===48	front line	21
1/21	==DB== nativeName Πρώτη Γραμμή.foundation 1999.dissolved 2000.Front Line (political party).Front Line (Greek: Πρώτη Γραμμή, Proti Grammi) was a Greek nationalist party, formed in 1999. The party was headed by lawyer, historian, and nationalist thinker Konstantinos Plevris. Front Line participated in the 1999 European Parliament elections (sharing a slate with the nationalist Golden Dawn party), obtaining 48,532 votes or 0.75 percent of the vote. In the Greek general election of 2000, it took 12,125 votes, or 0.18 percent of the poll. Apart from Plevris, electoral candidates for the party have included: (in 1999) Panayiota Adonopoulou (Παναγιώτα Αντωνοπούλου), Nikolaos Michaloliakos (Νικόλαος Μιχαλολιάκος), and Michail Arvanitis-Avramis (Μιχαήλ Αρβανίτης-Αβράμης). The party is dissolved . Many of its former members have joined the Popular Orthodox Rally, and others participated in the foundation of Patriotic Alliance..comment Front Line (Greek: Πρώτη Γραμμή, Proti Grammi) was a Greek nationalist party, formed in 1999. The party was headed by lawyer, historian, and nationalist thinker Konstantinos Plevris. Front Line participated in the 1999 European Parliament elections (sharing a slate with the nationalist Golden Dawn party), obtaining 48,532 votes or 0.75 percent of the vote. In the Greek general election of 2000, it took 12,125 votes, or 0.18 percent of the poll..
2/21	==DB== The Front Line.writer Renato De Maria.The Front Line (2009 film).The Front Line (Italian: La prima linea) is a 2009 Italian crime-drama film written and directed by Renato De Maria. It is based on the memoirs of the Prima Linea terrorist Sergio Segio..comment The Front Line (Italian: La prima linea) is a 2009 Italian crime-drama film written and directed by Renato De Maria. It is based on the memoirs of the Prima Linea terrorist Sergio Segio..
3/21	==DB== runtime 1800.0.showName The Front Line.numEpisodes 6.firstAired 1984-12-06.lastAired 1985-01-17.The Front Line (TV series).The Front Line was a 1984/1985 BBC sitcom about two half-brothers of West Indian descent who shared a house, one brother a policeman and one a dreadlocked Rastafarian. The series starred Paul Barber as the elder, policeman brother Malcolm, and Alan Igbon as the younger brother Sheldon. It was written by Alex Shearer, filmed in Bristol and Cardiff, and transmitted between 6 December 1984 and 17 January 1985. A pilot for the series, On The Frontline, was broadcast in the 1970s. The theme tune to the series was written and performed by Black Roots, and the opening credits of the show featured the band performing the song..comment The Front Line was a 1984/1985 BBC sitcom about two half-brothers of West Indian descent who shared a house, one brother a policeman and one a dreadlocked Rastafarian. The series starred Paul Barber as the elder, policeman brother Malcolm, and Alan Igbon as the younger brother Sheldon. It was written by Alex Shearer, filmed in Bristol and Cardiff, and transmitted between 6 December 1984 and 17 January 1985. A pilot for the series, On The Frontline, was broadcast in the 1970s..
4/21	==DB== Front Line (CRI).Front Line is a weekly English radio program produced by China Radio International discussing about life in modern China. The flavor of the program is much like NPR's Morning Edition and All Things Considered. The program combines news, analysis, commentary, interviews, and special features, but from a Chinese perspective. The program airs on Round the Clock and is available on the podcasts through the World Radio Network on the Monday edition in the United States, Tuesday edition in Beijing. The host of Front Line is Wu Jia..comment Front Line is a weekly English radio program produced by China Radio International discussing about life in modern China. The flavor of the program is much like NPR's Morning Edition and All Things Considered. The program combines news, analysis, commentary, interviews, and special features, but from a Chinese perspective. The program airs on Round the Clock and is available on the podcasts through the World Radio Network on the Monday edition in the United States, Tuesday edition in Beijing. The host of Front Line is Wu Jia..
5/21	==DB== The Front Line (2006 film).The Front Line is a 2006 Irish crime drama film directed by David Gleeson. The plot revolves around a Congolese immigrant working in a bank in Dublin city whose family is kidnapped by a gang of criminals who force him to be the inside man on their robbery of the bank..comment The Front Line is a 2006 Irish crime drama film directed by David Gleeson. The plot revolves around a Congolese immigrant working in a bank in Dublin city whose family is kidnapped by a gang of criminals who force him to be the inside man on their robbery of the bank..
6/21	==DB== Front Line (record label).Front Line was a reggae subsidiary of Virgin Records established in 1978. Over forty albums were issued on the label before it folded in 1979..comment Front Line was a reggae subsidiary of Virgin Records established in 1978. Over forty albums were issued on the label before it folded in 1979..
7/21	==DB== genre Run and gun.publisher Taito.title Front Line.released --08-01.Front Line (video game).Front Line (フロントライン Furonto Rain) is a military-themed run & gun shooter game released by Taito for arcades in 1982. It was one of the first video games to feature a ground combat theme and grenades. Military-oriented video games of the early 1980s usually involved vehicular combat, such as tanks, but did not include infantry. The original arcade version of Front Line consists of a joystick, a single button, and a rotary dial that can be pushed in like a button. The single button is used to throw grenades and to enter and exit tanks, while the rotary dial controls and fires the player's gun. 1985's Ikari Warriors follows the conventions established by Front Line, including the vertically scrolling levels, entering/exiting tanks, and not dying when an occupied tank is destroyed..comment Front Line (フロントライン Furonto Rain) is a military-themed run & gun shooter game released by Taito for arcades in 1982. It was one of the first video games to feature a ground combat theme and grenades. Military-oriented video games of the early 1980s usually involved vehicular combat, such as tanks, but did not include infantry. The original arcade version of Front Line consists of a joystick, a single button, and a rotary dial that can be pushed in like a button. The single button is used to throw grenades and to enter and exit tanks, while the rotary dial controls and fires the player's gun..
8/21	==SS== A low level.
9/21	==DB== Front Line Defenders.location Global.location General secretariat at Blackrock, County Dublin, Ireland.Front Line Defenders.Front Line Defenders or The International Foundation for the Protection of Human Rights Defenders is an Irish-based human rights organisation founded in Dublin, Ireland in 2001 to protect human rights defenders at risk, i.e. those who work non-violently to uphold the human rights of others as outlined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The organisation was founded by Mary Lawlor, former director of the Irish Section of Amnesty International with a US $3 million donation from businessman and philanthropist Denis O'Brien. Front Line Defenders has Special Consultative Status with the Social and Economic Council of the United Nations, and has Observer Status with the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights. In 2006 Front Line Defenders established a European Union office in Brussels. Front Line Defenders received the King Baudouin International Development Prize in 2007. On 3 July 2014 Mary Lawlor was presented with the Order of Chevalier of the Legion of Honour by French Ambassador to Ireland, Mr Jean-Pierre Thebault, on behalf of the French government..comment Front Line Defenders or The International Foundation for the Protection of Human Rights Defenders is an Irish-based human rights organisation founded in Dublin, Ireland in 2001 to protect human rights defenders at risk, i.e. those who work non-violently to uphold the human rights of others as outlined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights..
10/21	==SS== The site of interaction with outsiders, such as customers.
11/21	==DB== Front line.A front line (alternative forms: front-line or frontline) in military terminology is the position(s) closest to the area of conflict of an armed force's personnel and equipment, generally referring to maritime or land forces. When a front (an intentional or unintentional boundary) between opposing sides form, the front line is the area where the armies are engaged in conflict, especially the line of contact between the opposing forces. In a military conflict, then, when facing the front line, you face the enemy. All branches of the U.S. armed services use the related technical terms, Forward Line of Own Troops (FLOT) and Forward Edge of Battle Area (FEBA). These terms are used as battlespace control measures that designate the forward-most friendly maritime or land forces on the battlefield at a given point in time during an armed conflict. FLOT/FEBA may include covering and screening forces. The Forward Line of Enemy Troops (FLET) is the FEBA from the enemy's perspective..comment A front line (alternative forms: front-line or frontline) in military terminology is the position(s) closest to the area of conflict of an armed force's personnel and equipment, generally referring to maritime or land forces. When a front (an intentional or unintentional boundary) between opposing sides form, the front line is the area where the armies are engaged in conflict, especially the line of contact between the opposing forces. In a military conflict, then, when facing the front line, you face the enemy..
12/21	==DB== The TNA Front Line.The TNA Front Line (also spelled Frontline and commonly referred to as The Front Line) was a heroic alliance in the professional wrestling promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). They were also known as The TNA Originals. They feuded with The Main Event Mafia..comment The TNA Front Line (also spelled Frontline and commonly referred to as The Front Line) was a heroic alliance in the professional wrestling promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). They were also known as The TNA Originals. They feuded with The Main Event Mafia..
13/21	==DB== The Front Line.runtime 7980.0.editing Kim Jae-bum.The Front Line (2011 film).The Front Line (Hangul: 고지전; RR: Gojijeon; MR: Kojijŏn; also known as Battle of Highlands) is a 2011 South Korean war film directed by Jang Hoon, set during the 1953 ceasefire of the Korean War. This is the third film by director Jang Hoon, after completing Secret Reunion and Rough Cut. It was selected as South Korea's submission to the 84th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not make the final shortlist. It also won four Grand Bell Awards, including Best Film..comment The Front Line (Hangul: 고지전; RR: Gojijeon; MR: Kojijŏn; also known as Battle of Highlands) is a 2011 South Korean war film directed by Jang Hoon, set during the 1953 ceasefire of the Korean War. This is the third film by director Jang Hoon, after completing Secret Reunion and Rough Cut. It was selected as South Korea's submission to the 84th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not make the final shortlist. It also won four Grand Bell Awards, including Best Film..
14/21	==DB== Front Line.producer David Bradbury.runtime 3900.0.Front Line (film).Front Line is a 1981 Australian documentary film directed by David Bradbury. It follows the career of Tasmanian-born combat cameraman Neil Davis, particularly his time in South Vietnam and Cambodia in the late 1960s and early 1970s. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature..comment Front Line is a 1981 Australian documentary film directed by David Bradbury. It follows the career of Tasmanian-born combat cameraman Neil Davis, particularly his time in South Vietnam and Cambodia in the late 1960s and early 1970s. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature..
15/21	==SS== attack, collectively the attackers or forwards.
16/21	==SS== A site of a conflict, effort, or controversial matter of any kind.
17/21	==DB== Front Line.producer Stevie Wonder.writer Stevie Wonder.length 354.0.bSide "Front Line ".lastSingle "Do I Do".nextSingle "I Just Called To Say I Love You".Front Line (Stevie Wonder song)."Front Line" is a 1983 song by Stevie Wonder, off his greatest hits compilation Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I. The song is sung from the perspective of a Vietnam War veteran. The song begins with a funky, distorted guitar riff which continues throughout the song. The protagonist tells the story of how he volunteered to go to Vietnam in 1964 at age sixteen, despite being raised to never kill anyone. After losing his leg, he is sent home with a Purple Heart. Now speaking about the present, he talks of how his niece is a prostitute, and his nephew is a drug addict, both of whom insist he has no right to tell them they are wrong in their ways. He reads in the newspaper that another war is on its way, and he remembers the 'many happy families that have been ruined.'.comment "Front Line" is a 1983 song by Stevie Wonder, off his greatest hits compilation Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I. The song is sung from the perspective of a Vietnam War veteran. The song begins with a funky, distorted guitar riff which continues throughout the song. The protagonist tells the story of how he volunteered to go to Vietnam in 1964 at age sixteen, despite being raised to never kill anyone. After losing his leg, he is sent home with a Purple Heart. Now speaking about the present, he talks of how his niece is a prostitute, and his nephew is a drug addict, both of whom insist he has no right to tell them they are wrong in their ways. He reads in the newspaper that another war is on its way, and he remembers the 'many happy families that have been ruined.'.
18/21	==DB== title Civil War: Front Line.Civil War: Front Line.Civil War: Front Line is an 11-issue, limited series tie-in to Marvel Comics's Civil War event which started in August 2006. Part of the story is told from the perspective of two reporters embedded in the opposite camps of the war. Ben Urich follows the stories on Iron Man's side with the pro-registration heroes, while Sally Floyd investigates the anti-registration faction headed by Captain America. Writer Paul Jenkins was given carte blanche to have the stories reflect the current political landscape in the United States. The other half of the series is told from the perspective of Speedball of the New Warriors. It shows Speedball's struggles with survivor guilt, imprisonment, and relations to the victims of the Stamford disaster..comment Civil War: Front Line is an 11-issue, limited series tie-in to Marvel Comics's Civil War event which started in August 2006. Part of the story is told from the perspective of two reporters embedded in the opposite camps of the war. Ben Urich follows the stories on Iron Man's side with the pro-registration heroes, while Sally Floyd investigates the anti-registration faction headed by Captain America. Writer Paul Jenkins was given carte blanche to have the stories reflect the current political landscape in the United States..
19/21	==SS== A front, or a boundary between opposing positions.
20/21	==DB== Operation Front Line.Operation Front Line is an initiative of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), a division of the Department of Homeland Security, that operated in the months leading up to the 2004 presidential election and through the 2005 Presidential Inauguration..comment Operation Front Line is an initiative of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), a division of the Department of Homeland Security, that operated in the months leading up to the 2004 presidential election and through the 2005 Presidential Inauguration..
21/21	==DB== Front Lines.pages 480.isbn 978.releaseDate 2016-01-28.Front Lines (novel).Front Lines is a young adult historical novel by the American writer Michael Grant, who is most famous for his dystopian young adult fictional series The Gone Series. It is written from the viewpoint of three girls, Rio Richlin, Frangie Marr, and Rainy Schulterman. The series was originally titled Soldier Girls..comment Front Lines is a young adult historical novel by the American writer Michael Grant, who is most famous for his dystopian young adult fictional series The Gone Series. It is written from the viewpoint of three girls, Rio Richlin, Frangie Marr, and Rainy Schulterman. The series was originally titled Soldier Girls..
===49	ghost town	21
1/21	==DB== Ghost Town, Oakland, California.Ghost Town (sometimes spelled Ghosttown) is the informal name of the Foster Hoover Historic District neighborhood in West Oakland, Oakland, California. The community is known for its violence and blight . Some people believe the name originates from a drug king pin who referred to the area as a ghost town due to the shortage of other drug dealers whose absence was attributed to the king pin's dominance over the area. Others believe it derives from the two former casket companies located side by side on Filbert Street between 30th and 32nd Streets, while others claim that the presence of ghostly white people in an historically black neighborhood gave it its name. Ghost Town stretches from 27th Street to 35th Street in the area immediately southwest of the MacArthur Maze. Others see the neighborhood bounded by Adeline on the West and San Pablo on the East. Ghost Town Farms, one of the more successful expressions of urban agriculture activity in Oakland is located in the heart of the district at 2727 Martin Luther King Jr. Way, between 27th and 28th Streets. The area is also one of Oakland's many open-air art galleries, with exceptional muralist work continually on exhibition, particularly along Martin Luther King Jr. Way. This neighborhood has an active citizen crime patrol, including one group of seniors who walk the neighborhood weekly to get physical exercise and report blight. Jerry Brown, governor of California and former Mayor of Oakland stated: "Instead of an omnibus crime bill, you have to deal with shootings in Ghost Town in West Oakland and sideshows in East Oakland." Brown made attempts to turn around the blighted West Oakland neighborhood after 60 Minutes featured it in a television profile. Housing prices have increased. So has drug dealing, especially since nearby parks were closed by the City of Oakland. Prostitution, in 2015, has been on the decline for at least a decade. The term "ghost riding" has been attributed to this Oakland neighborhood. According to the Contra Costa Times and The Washington Post, local rapper Mistah F.A.B. popularized the term with his song "Ghost Ride It" and speculated that its origins are in Ghost Town..comment Ghost Town (sometimes spelled Ghosttown) is the informal name of the Foster Hoover Historic District neighborhood in West Oakland, Oakland, California. The community is known for its violence and blight . Some people believe the name originates from a drug king pin who referred to the area as a ghost town due to the shortage of other drug dealers whose absence was attributed to the king pin's dominance over the area. Others believe it derives from the two former casket companies located side by side on Filbert Street between 30th and 32nd Streets, while others claim that the presence of ghostly white people in an historically black neighborhood gave it its name. Ghost Town stretches from 27th Street to 35th Street in the area immediately southwest of the MacArthur Maze. Others see the neig.
2/21	==DB== Ghost Town.writer David Koepp.writer John Kamps.runtime 6120.0.budget 2.0E7.gross 2.71E7.Ghost Town (2008 film).Ghost Town is a 2008 American fantasy comedy film directed by David Koepp, who also co-wrote the screenplay with John Kamps. It stars English comedian Ricky Gervais in his first leading feature-film role, as a dentist who can see and talk with ghosts, along with Téa Leoni as a young widow and Greg Kinnear as her recently deceased husband. Gavin Palone produced the film for Spyglass Entertainment and Pariah and distributed by DreamWorks Pictures..comment Ghost Town is a 2008 American fantasy comedy film directed by David Koepp, who also co-wrote the screenplay with John Kamps. It stars English comedian Ricky Gervais in his first leading feature-film role, as a dentist who can see and talk with ghosts, along with Téa Leoni as a young widow and Greg Kinnear as her recently deceased husband. Gavin Palone produced the film for Spyglass Entertainment and Pariah and distributed by DreamWorks Pictures..
3/21	==DB== Ghost Town in the Sky.
4/21	==DB== Ghost Town (song from Nashville).
5/21	==DB== Ghost Town (Cary Brothers song).
6/21	==DB== Ghost Town.producer Duane Steele.length 2086.0.released 2006-07-04.lastAlbum Set List.nextAlbum Gas and Time.Ghost Town (Duane Steele album).Ghost Town is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Icon Records on July 4, 2006. Singles released from the album include "Comin' Back Around," the title track, "What D'Ya Say," "Blue Collar Man," "Real Close," "Two People in a Room" and "Bustin' Out.".comment Ghost Town is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Icon Records on July 4, 2006. Singles released from the album include "Comin' Back Around," the title track, "What D'Ya Say," "Blue Collar Man," "Real Close," "Two People in a Room" and "Bustin' Out.".
7/21	==DB== Ghost Town.2.length 220.0.released 1981-06-12.recorded --04-09.format 12.0.bSide "Why?".bSide "Friday Night, Saturday Morning".Ghost Town (The Specials song)."Ghost Town" is a song by the British 2 Tone band The Specials, released on 12 June 1981. The song spent three weeks at number one and 10 weeks in total in the top 40 of the UK Singles Chart. Addressing themes of urban decay, deindustrialisation, unemployment and violence in inner cities, the song is remembered for being a hit at the same time as riots were occurring in British cities. Internal tensions within the band were also coming to a head when the single was being recorded, resulting in the song being the last single recorded by the original seven members of the group before splitting up. However, the song was hailed by the contemporary UK music press as a major piece of popular social commentary, and all three of the major UK music magazines of the time awarded "Ghost Town" the accolade of "Single of the Year" for 1981..comment "Ghost Town" is a song by the British 2 Tone band The Specials, released on 12 June 1981. The song spent three weeks at number one and 10 weeks in total in the top 40 of the UK Singles Chart. Addressing themes of urban decay, deindustrialisation, unemployment and violence in inner cities, the song is remembered for being a hit at the same time as riots were occurring in British cities. Internal tensions within the band were also coming to a head when the single was being recorded, resulting in the song being the last single recorded by the original seven members of the group before splitting up. However, the song was hailed by the contemporary UK music press as a major piece of popular social commentary, and all three of the major UK music magazines of the time awarded "Ghost Town" the acc.
8/21	==DB== Ghost Town.producer Poco, John H.R. Mills.length 2145.0.released 1982-09-20.lastAlbum Cowboys & Englishmen.nextAlbum Inamorata.Ghost Town (Poco album).Ghost Town is the 17th album by the country rock band Poco, released September 20, 1982. The Atlantic Records label debut of Poco, Ghost Town was the final album by Poco to feature the group lineup who had played on Poco's 1978 breakout album Legend, as the 1984 Poco album release Inamorata would not feature Charlie Harrison. After the gold certified success of the 1978 ABC Records album release Legend, Poco's three subsequent album releases on MCA Records - who had absorbed ABC - failed to reach that level of success. Ghost Town marked Poco's move to Atlantic Records with no resultant comeback peaking at #195 on the album chart in Billboard magazine, well below the peak of the group's final MCA album Cowboys & Englishmen which had been released in February 1982 to reach a chart peak of #131. The first single from Ghost Town was the title cut which failed to reach the Billboard Hot 100, "bubbling under" with a peak of #108, and the second single "Shoot the Moon" while more successful fell short of the Top 40 with a Hot 100 peak of #50 in March 1983. A third single release: "Break of Hearts" - cited as one of his favorite overlooked compositions by Paul Cotton who's described the song as a followup to Poco's 1979 Top 20 hit "Heart of the Night" - failed to chart. Cotton has stated that Poco had problems with Atlantic Records: Poco would record one more album for Atlantic: Inamorata released in April 1984, then take a hiatus from recording until 1989 when the RCA Records release Legacy became Poco's second gold certified album..comment Ghost Town is the 17th album by the country rock band Poco, released September 20, 1982. The Atlantic Records label debut of Poco, Ghost Town was the final album by Poco to feature the group lineup who had played on Poco's 1978 breakout album Legend, as the 1984 Poco album release Inamorata would not feature Charlie Harrison..
9/21	==SS== Anything that has been deserted or abandoned, or has been empty all along.
10/21	==DB== Ghost Town.runtime 4620.0.starring *.starring * Marian Carr * Serena Sande *.budget 100000.0.Ghost Town (1956 film).Ghost Town is a 1956 American Western film directed by Allen H. Miner and written by Jameson Brewer. The film stars Kent Taylor, John Smith, Marian Carr, Serena Sande and John Doucette. The film was released in March 1956 by United Artists..comment Ghost Town is a 1956 American Western film directed by Allen H. Miner and written by Jameson Brewer. The film stars Kent Taylor, John Smith, Marian Carr, Serena Sande and John Doucette. The film was released in March 1956 by United Artists..
11/21	==DB== Ghost town.A ghost town is an abandoned village, town, or city, usually one that contains substantial visible remains. A town often becomes a ghost town because the economic activity that supported it has failed, or due to natural or human-caused disasters such as floods, government actions, uncontrolled lawlessness, war, or nuclear disasters. The term can sometimes refer to cities, towns, and neighborhoods that are still populated, but significantly less so than in years past; for example those affected by high levels of unemployment and dereliction. Some ghost towns, especially those that preserve period-specific architecture, have become tourist attractions. Some examples are Bannack, Montana; Calico, California; Centralia, Pennsylvania; Oatman, Arizona; and South Pass City, Wyoming in the United States; Barkerville, British Columbia in Canada; Craco in Italy; Elizabeth Bay and Kolmanskop in Namibia; Pripyat in Ukraine; and Danushkodi in India. Visiting, writing about, and photographing ghost towns is a minor industry. The town of Plymouth on the Caribbean island of Montserrat is a ghost town that is the de jure capital of Montserrat..comment A ghost town is an abandoned village, town, or city, usually one that contains substantial visible remains. A town often becomes a ghost town because the economic activity that supported it has failed, or due to natural or human-caused disasters such as floods, government actions, uncontrolled lawlessness, war, or nuclear disasters. The term can sometimes refer to cities, towns, and neighborhoods that are still populated, but significantly less so than in years past; for example those affected by high levels of unemployment and dereliction..
12/21	==DB== Ghost Town.length 2437.0.released 2011-11-08.Ghost Town (Owen album).Ghost Town is the sixth full-length album by Chicago musician Mike Kinsella under the moniker Owen. It was released on November 8, 2011 to mostly positive reviews..comment Ghost Town is the sixth full-length album by Chicago musician Mike Kinsella under the moniker Owen. It was released on November 8, 2011 to mostly positive reviews..
13/21	==DB== runtime 3600.0.showName Derek Acorah's Ghost Towns.numEpisodes 24.pictureFormat 16.firstAired 2005-11-07.lastAired 2006-11-28.numSeries 3.Derek Acorah's Ghost Towns.Derek Acorah's Ghost Towns was a paranormal reality television series which featured noted Medium Derek Acorah as he visited towns in the UK to investigate hauntings. The team would travel in the "Ghost Town Van" and would allow townsfolk to tell the team about their encounters with hauntings in their home town. During the investigation, Derek would visit a random house and give the owner a psychic reading this was "Doorstep Divination." The show aired from 7 November 2005 until 28 November 2006..comment Derek Acorah's Ghost Towns was a paranormal reality television series which featured noted Medium Derek Acorah as he visited towns in the UK to investigate hauntings. The team would travel in the "Ghost Town Van" and would allow townsfolk to tell the team about their encounters with hauntings in their home town. During the investigation, Derek would visit a random house and give the owner a psychic reading this was "Doorstep Divination." The show aired from 7 November 2005 until 28 November 2006..
14/21	==DB== Ghost Town.length 242.0.format 7".bSide "Wrong Side of Love".lastSingle "Don't Be Cruel".nextSingle "Let Go".Ghost Town (Cheap Trick song)."Ghost Town" is a single by American rock band Cheap Trick, released as the third single from their 1988 album Lap of Luxury. The song was written by American songwriter Diane Warren and Rick Nielsen. The single was released as a 7" vinyl only. The b-side "Wrong Side of Love" was featured on the same album, written by Rick Nielsen and American songwriter/musician Todd Cerney. Both tracks were produced by Richie Zito who would also produce the band's following 1990 album "Busted". The single's cover followed a similar theme to the cover for the previous single "Don't Be Cruel". An American promotional 7" vinyl was also released at the time, with the b-side "Wrong Side of Love" as the a-side and "Ghost Town" as the b-side..comment "Ghost Town" is a single by American rock band Cheap Trick, released as the third single from their 1988 album Lap of Luxury. The song was written by American songwriter Diane Warren and Rick Nielsen. The single was released as a 7" vinyl only. The b-side "Wrong Side of Love" was featured on the same album, written by Rick Nielsen and American songwriter/musician Todd Cerney. Both tracks were produced by Richie Zito who would also produce the band's following 1990 album "Busted". The single's cover followed a similar theme to the cover for the previous single "Don't Be Cruel"..
15/21	==DB== Ghost Town.runtime 5100.0.gross 75000.0.Ghost Town (1988 film).Ghost Town is a 1988 American horror film directed by Australian director Richard McCarthy and starring Franc Luz and Catherine Hickland. The plot follows a police officer who is dispatched to a remote ghost town to find a missing woman, and finds the town to be full of residents linked to its dark past. The script was written by Duke Sandefur, based on a story by David Schmoeller..comment Ghost Town is a 1988 American horror film directed by Australian director Richard McCarthy and starring Franc Luz and Catherine Hickland. The plot follows a police officer who is dispatched to a remote ghost town to find a missing woman, and finds the town to be full of residents linked to its dark past. The script was written by Duke Sandefur, based on a story by David Schmoeller..
16/21	==DB== Ghost Town.length 3767.0.released 2000-03-07.lastAlbum The Sweetest Punch.nextAlbum Blues Dream.Ghost Town (Bill Frisell album).Ghost Town is the 12th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1999 and is the first album featuring solo performances, overdubs and loops, by Frisell..comment Ghost Town is the 12th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1999 and is the first album featuring solo performances, overdubs and loops, by Frisell..
17/21	==DB== Ghost Town.yearsActive 2012.background group_or_band.origin Hollywood, California, US.Ghost Town (band).Ghost Town is an American electronic rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band formed on September 4, 2012 and in 2013 were signed to Fueled by Ramen. The band is made up of vocalist Kevin McCullough, guitarist Alix Koochaki, and drummer Manny Dominick. Alister Dippner creates artwork for the band's releases and is closely associated with them. The band has released three albums, Party in the Graveyard, The After Party, and Evolution, as well as an acoustic EP, Bare Bones. The After Party charted at No. 135 on the Billboard 200 and reached No. 1 on Billboard's "Top Heatseekers" chart..comment Ghost Town is an American electronic rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band formed on September 4, 2012 and in 2013 were signed to Fueled by Ramen. The band is made up of vocalist Kevin McCullough, guitarist Alix Koochaki, and drummer Manny Dominick. Alister Dippner creates artwork for the band's releases and is closely associated with them. The band has released three albums, Party in the Graveyard, The After Party, and Evolution, as well as an acoustic EP, Bare Bones. The After Party charted at No. 135 on the Billboard 200 and reached No. 1 on Billboard's "Top Heatseekers" chart..
18/21	==DB== title Ghost Town.Ghost Town (video game).Ghost Town is a computer game developed by Adventure International and released in 1981..comment Ghost Town is a computer game developed by Adventure International and released in 1981..
19/21	==SS== A town which has become deserted, usually due to failing economic activity, especially one that still has substantial visible remains.
20/21	==DB== Ghost Town.length 223.0.released 2009-01-30.lastSingle ""Ricochet!"".nextSingle "Major Tom (Coming Home)".Ghost Town (Shiny Toy Guns song)."Ghost Town" is the fifth single by Shiny Toy Guns, and the second single from their second album Season of Poison. The single peaked at #26 on the Billboard Alternative Songs Chart..comment "Ghost Town" is the fifth single by Shiny Toy Guns, and the second single from their second album Season of Poison. The single peaked at #26 on the Billboard Alternative Songs Chart..
21/21	==DB== Ghost Town.producer Max Martin.producer Ali Payami.writer Ali Payami.length 208.0.released 2015-04-21.lastSingle "Trespassing".nextSingle "Another Lonely Night".Ghost Town (Adam Lambert song)."Ghost Town" is a song recorded by American singer Adam Lambert for his third studio album, The Original High (2015). It was released as the album's lead single on April 21, 2015. The single garnered considerable commercial and critical success, becoming somewhat of a sleeper hit in select countries and receiving a substantial amount of radio play in the US..comment "Ghost Town" is a song recorded by American singer Adam Lambert for his third studio album, The Original High (2015). It was released as the album's lead single on April 21, 2015. The single garnered considerable commercial and critical success, becoming somewhat of a sleeper hit in select countries and receiving a substantial amount of radio play in the US..
===50	gold rush	4
1/4	==SS== Any period of feverish migration into an area in which gold has been discovered.
2/4	==SS== A cocktail made from bourbon, honey, and lemon juice.
3/4	==SS== The urge to win gold medals, as in the Olympic Games.
4/4	==DB== Gold rush.A gold rush is a new discovery of gold that brings an onrush of miners seeking their fortune. Major gold rushes took place in the 19th century in Australia, New Zealand, Brazil, Canada, South Africa, and the United States, while smaller gold rushes took place elsewhere. The wealth that resulted was distributed widely because of reduced migration costs and low barriers to entry. While gold mining itself was unprofitable for most diggers and mine owners, some people made large fortunes, and the merchants and transportation facilities made large profits. The resulting increase in the world's gold supply stimulated global trade and investment. Historians have written extensively about the migration, trade, colonization, and environmental history associated with gold rushes. Gold rushes were typically marked by a general buoyant feeling of a "free for all" in income mobility, in which any single individual might become abundantly wealthy almost instantly, as expressed in the California Dream. Gold rushes helped spur a huge immigration that often led to permanent settlement of new regions. Activities propelled by gold rushes define significant aspects of the culture of the Australian and North American frontiers. At a time when the world's money supply was based on gold, the newly mined gold provided economic stimulus far beyond the gold fields. Gold rushes extend back as far as gold mining, to the Roman Empire, whose gold mining was described by Diodorus Siculus and Pliny the Elder, and probably further back to Ancient Egypt..comment A gold rush is a new discovery of gold that brings an onrush of miners seeking their fortune. Major gold rushes took place in the 19th century in Australia, New Zealand, Brazil, Canada, South Africa, and the United States, while smaller gold rushes took place elsewhere. Gold rushes were typically marked by a general buoyant feeling of a "free for all" in income mobility, in which any single individual might become abundantly wealthy almost instantly, as expressed in the California Dream..
===51	grass roots	13
1/13	==DB== Grassroots.A grassroots movement (often referenced in the context of a political movement) as defined by Webster's Dictionary, is one which uses the people in a given district as the basis for a political or economic movement.Grassroots movements and organizations utilize collective action from the local level to effect change at the local, regional, national, or international level. Grassroots movements are associated with bottom-up, rather than top-down decision making, and are sometimes considered more natural or spontaneous than more traditional power structures.  Grassroots movements utilize a variety of strategies from fundraising and registering voters, to simply encouraging political conversation. Goals of specific movements vary, but the movements are consistent in their focus on increasing mass participation in politics. The idea of grassroots is often conflated with participatory democracy. The Port Huron Statement, a manifesto seeking a more democratic society, says that to create a more equitable society, "the grass roots of American Society" need to be the basis of civil rights and economic reform movements. The terms can be distinguished in that grassroots often refers to a specific movement or organization, whereas participatory democracy refers to the larger system of governance..comment A grassroots movement (often referenced in the context of a political movement) as defined by Webster's Dictionary, is one which uses the people in a given district as the basis for a political or economic movement.Grassroots movements and organizations utilize collective action from the local level to effect change at the local, regional, national, or international level. Grassroots movements are associated with bottom-up, rather than top-down decision making, and are sometimes considered more natural or spontaneous than more traditional power structures.  Grassroots movements utilize a variety of strategies from fundraising and registering voters, to simply encouraging political conversation. Goals of specific movements vary, but the movements are consistent in their focus on increasing .
2/13	==DB== Grass Roots.foundation 1980.intl yes.Grass Roots (company).Grass Roots is a global employee and customer engagement provider, specialising in employee solutions, customer engagement, promotions and incentives, and meetings and events. The Grass Roots Group PLC was founded in 1980 and is privately owned and is an associate of WPP Group.Grass Roots is headquartered in Tring, with a network of offices in 10 countries with over 1,000 employees. Client programmes are delivered in over 100 countries..comment Grass Roots is a global employee and customer engagement provider, specialising in employee solutions, customer engagement, promotions and incentives, and meetings and events. The Grass Roots Group PLC was founded in 1980 and is privately owned and is an associate of WPP Group.Grass Roots is headquartered in Tring, with a network of offices in 10 countries with over 1,000 employees. Client programmes are delivered in over 100 countries..
3/13	==DB== Grass Roots.length 3534.0.lastAlbum Book of Mæ'bul (Another Kind of Sunrise).recorded Systems Two Studio, Brooklyn.recorded 2011-08-26.Grass Roots (Grass Roots album).Grass Roots is the eponymous debut album by the free jazz collective quartet consisting of Sean Conly on bass, Alex Harding on baritone sax, Darius Jones on alto sax and Chad Taylor on drums. It was recorded in 2011 and released on the AUM Fidelity label..comment Grass Roots is the eponymous debut album by the free jazz collective quartet consisting of Sean Conly on bass, Alex Harding on baritone sax, Darius Jones on alto sax and Chad Taylor on drums. It was recorded in 2011 and released on the AUM Fidelity label..
4/13	==DB== The Grass Roots.yearsActive 1965.background group_or_band.origin Los Angeles, California, United States.Dunhill, ABC, Haven, MCA, Gusto, RFG, Cleopatra.The Grass Roots.(For other uses, see Grass roots (disambiguation).) The Grass Roots is an American rock band that charted frequently between 1966 and 1975. It was originally the creation of Lou Adler and songwriting duo P. F. Sloan and Steve Barri. In their career, they achieved two gold albums, one gold single and charted singles a total of 21 times. Among their charting singles, they achieved Top 10 three times, Top 20 three times and Top 40 eight times. They have sold over twenty million records worldwide. Until his death in 2011, early member Rob Grill and a newer lineup of the Grass Roots continued to play many live performances each year. Since 2012, band members chosen by Grill are carrying on the legacy of the group with nationwide live performances..comment (For other uses, see Grass roots (disambiguation).) The Grass Roots is an American rock band that charted frequently between 1966 and 1975. It was originally the creation of Lou Adler and songwriting duo P. F. Sloan and Steve Barri. In their career, they achieved two gold albums, one gold single and charted singles a total of 21 times. Among their charting singles, they achieved Top 10 three times, Top 20 three times and Top 40 eight times. They have sold over twenty million records worldwide..
5/13	==DB== Grass Roots.BST 84303.length 4142.0.lastAlbum Change.nextAlbum Dance with Death.recorded --04-19.recorded Van Gelder Studio, Englewood Cliffs.Grass Roots (Andrew Hill album).Grass Roots is the tenth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill featuring performances recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label. The original album features Hill's quintet performing five original compositions and the 2000 CD reissue added three alternate takes and two additional compositions recorded by a sextet at an earlier session as bonus tracks..comment Grass Roots is the tenth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill featuring performances recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label. The original album features Hill's quintet performing five original compositions and the 2000 CD reissue added three alternate takes and two additional compositions recorded by a sextet at an earlier session as bonus tracks..
6/13	==SS== The essential foundation or source of something
7/13	==DB== Grass Roots (TV movie).
8/13	==DB== Grass Roots (Atban Klann album).
9/13	==DB== Grass Roots: The Best of the New Grass Revival.lastAlbum Anthology.Grass Roots: The Best of the New Grass Revival.Grass Roots: The Best of the New Grass Revival is a compilation album by the progressive bluegrass band New Grass Revival, released in 2005..comment Grass Roots: The Best of the New Grass Revival is a compilation album by the progressive bluegrass band New Grass Revival, released in 2005..
10/13	==SS== People and society at the local (most basic) level rather than at the national centre of political activity
11/13	==DB== Grass Roots.pages 496.isbn 978.oclc 63791379.mediaType Print.Grass Roots (novel).Grass Roots is the fourth novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 1989 by Simon & Schuster. The novel takes place in Delano Georgia, some years after the events of Deep Lie. The story continues the story of the Lee family of Delano, Georgia. Will Lee is now working at his father's firm and running for the senate. The novel was turned into a mini series..comment Grass Roots is the fourth novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 1989 by Simon & Schuster. The novel takes place in Delano Georgia, some years after the events of Deep Lie. The story continues the story of the Lee family of Delano, Georgia. Will Lee is now working at his father's firm and running for the senate. The novel was turned into a mini series..
12/13	==DB== Grass Roots.producer Bruce Higham.producer Andy Leighton.Grass Roots (film).Grass Roots was a proposed clay animated film based on the Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers underground comic strip created by Gilbert Shelton..comment Grass Roots was a proposed clay animated film based on the Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers underground comic strip created by Gilbert Shelton..
13/13	==DB== runtime 3000.0.showName Grass Roots.numSeasons 2.numEpisodes 18.firstAired 2000-06-01.Grass Roots (TV series).Grass Roots is an Australian television series produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation between 2000 and 2003..comment Grass Roots is an Australian television series produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation between 2000 and 2003..
===52	green card	4
1/4	==DB== Green Card.Green Card:.Original Motion Picture Soundtrack.producer Peter Weir.producer Hans Zimmer, Peter Weir.writer Peter Weir.runtime 6420.0.country United States.country Australia.country France.length 2696.0.starring *.released 1991-01-22.gross 2.9888235E7.recorded 1990.Green Card (film).Green Card is a 1990 romantic comedy film written, produced, directed by Peter Weir and starring Gérard Depardieu and Andie MacDowell. The screenplay focuses on an American woman who enters into a marriage of convenience with a Frenchman so he can obtain a green card and remain in the United States. Depardieu won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor. The film won the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay..comment Green Card is a 1990 romantic comedy film written, produced, directed by Peter Weir and starring Gérard Depardieu and Andie MacDowell. The screenplay focuses on an American woman who enters into a marriage of convenience with a Frenchman so he can obtain a green card and remain in the United States. Depardieu won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor. The film won the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay..
2/4	==SS== A warning card, given to a player for an infraction of the rules. A further infraction may warrant a yellow card or red card.
3/4	==SS== A US work permit, officially known as United States Permanent Resident Card.
4/4	==DB== Green card (IBM/360).Green card was the abbreviated name given to the IBM/360 Reference data card that served as the shorthand "bible" for programmers during the late 1960s and 1970s. It rapidly became an icon of the 360 era of programming and was later replaced by the "yellow card". The same concept was also later used for an "orange card" for CICS application programming - that showed some internal CICS data structures and their relationships..comment Green card was the abbreviated name given to the IBM/360 Reference data card that served as the shorthand "bible" for programmers during the late 1960s and 1970s. It rapidly became an icon of the 360 era of programming and was later replaced by the "yellow card". The same concept was also later used for an "orange card" for CICS application programming - that showed some internal CICS data structures and their relationships..
===53	green tea	3
1/3	==DB== Green tea.Green tea is a type of tea that is made from Camellia sinensis leaves that have not undergone the same withering and oxidation process used to make oolong and black tea. Green tea originated in China, but its production has spread to many countries in Asia. Several varieties of green tea exist, which differ substantially because of the variety of C. sinensis used, growing conditions, horticultural methods, production processing, and time of harvest..comment Green tea is a type of tea that is made from Camellia sinensis leaves that have not undergone the same withering and oxidation process used to make oolong and black tea. Green tea originated in China, but its production has spread to many countries in Asia. Several varieties of green tea exist, which differ substantially because of the variety of C. sinensis used, growing conditions, horticultural methods, production processing, and time of harvest..
2/3	==SS== Leaves of the tea plant which are treated with steam or roasted to denature the enzymes that cause the leaves to darken and change taste. (Without this step they would become oolong tea or black tea).
3/3	==SS== A beverage brewed from green tea leaves.
===54	ground floor	3
1/3	==SS== The floor of a building closest to ground level; what is also known by some American English speakers as the first floor
2/3	==DB== runtime 1800.0.creator *.creator * Greg Malins.showName Ground Floor.starring *.starring * Rene Gube * James Earl *.starring * Emily Heller.numSeasons 2.numEpisodes 20.company *.pictureFormat 1080.firstAired 2013-11-14.lastAired 2015-02-10.Ground Floor.Ground Floor was an American comedy series created by Bill Lawrence and Greg Malins, that aired from November 14, 2013, through February 10, 2015, on TBS. The series stars Skylar Astin, Briga Heelan, Rory Scovel and John C. McGinley, and followed Brody, a successful banker who falls for Jenny, an intelligent maintenance supervisor, who works in the same building. Following earlier reports, the show was announced to have been officially cancelled on February 13, 2015, despite positive reviews..comment Ground Floor was an American comedy series created by Bill Lawrence and Greg Malins, that aired from November 14, 2013, through February 10, 2015, on TBS. The series stars Skylar Astin, Briga Heelan, Rory Scovel and John C. McGinley, and followed Brody, a successful banker who falls for Jenny, an intelligent maintenance supervisor, who works in the same building. Following earlier reports, the show was announced to have been officially cancelled on February 13, 2015, despite positive reviews..
3/3	==SS== The initial stage of a project
===55	ground rule	2
1/2	==SS== The basic rules or standards; whatever someone must know before proceeding.''Make sure everybody knows the '''ground rules''' for the trip before they leave.'' 
2/2	==SS== A rule regarding play on a specific field, course, or court.
===56	guest book	3
1/3	==SS== a type of ledger in which visitors to a particular establishment, such as a bed and breakfast or a museum, may leave comments about the establishment.
2/3	==SS== a feature of a website performing a similar function to a physical guest book
3/3	==DB== Guestbook.A guestbook (also guest book, visitor log, visitors' book, visitors' album) is a paper or electronic means for a visitor to acknowledge a visit to a site, physical or web-based, and leave details such as their name, postal or electronic address, and any comments. Such paper-based ledgers or books are traditional in churches, at weddings, funerals, B&Bs, museums, schools, institutions and other private facilities open to the public. Some private homes keep visitors' books. Specialised forms of guestbooks include hotel registers, wherein guests are required to provide their contact information, and Books of Condolence, which are used at funeral homes and more generally after notable public deaths, such as the death of a monarch or president, or after a public disaster, such as an airplane crash. On the web, a guestbook is a logging system that allows visitors of a website to leave a public comment. It is possible in some guestbooks for visitors to express their thoughts about the website or its subject. Generally, they do not require the poster to create a user account, as it is an informal method of dropping off a quick message. The purpose of a website guestbook is to display the kind of visitors the site gets, including the part of the world they reside in, and gain feedback from them. This allows the webmaster to assess and improve their site. A guestbook is generally a script, which is usually remotely hosted and written in a language such as Perl, PHP, Python or ASP. Many free guestbook hosts and scripts exist. Names and addresses provided in guestbooks, paper-based or electronic, are frequently recorded and collated for use in providing statistics about visitors to the site, and to contact visitors to the site in the future..comment A guestbook (also guest book, visitor log, visitors' book, visitors' album) is a paper or electronic means for a visitor to acknowledge a visit to a site, physical or web-based, and leave details such as their name, postal or electronic address, and any comments. Such paper-based ledgers or books are traditional in churches, at weddings, funerals, B&Bs, museums, schools, institutions and other private facilities open to the public. Some private homes keep visitors' books. Specialised forms of guestbooks include hotel registers, wherein guests are required to provide their contact information, and Books of Condolence, which are used at funeral homes and more generally after notable public deaths, such as the death of a monarch or president, or after a public disaster, such as an airplane cr.
===57	guest star	5
1/5	==SS== (of an actor) to star as a guest
2/5	==SS== A nova or supernova recorded by the Chinese.
3/5	==SS== An actor on a TV programme who stars in one, or a few, episodes.
4/5	==DB== Guest appearance.In show business, a guest appearance is the participation of an outsider performer (such as a musician or actor) in an event such as a music record or concert, show, etc., when the performer does not belong to the regular cast, band or other performing group. In music, such an outside performer is often referred to as a guest artist. In performance art, the terms guest role or guest star are also common, the latter term specifically indicating the guest appearance of a celebrity. The latter is often also credited as "special guest star" or "special musical guest star" by some production companies. In pop music, guest appearances are often described with the words featuring, with, or and. It is abbreviated in credit lists as feat., ft., f/, f.. In a television series, a guest star is an actor who appears in one or a few episodes. In radio and television shows, a guest star is a guest of the show who is a celebrity..comment In show business, a guest appearance is the participation of an outsider performer (such as a musician or actor) in an event such as a music record or concert, show, etc., when the performer does not belong to the regular cast, band or other performing group. In music, such an outside performer is often referred to as a guest artist. In performance art, the terms guest role or guest star are also common, the latter term specifically indicating the guest appearance of a celebrity. The latter is often also credited as "special guest star" or "special musical guest star" by some production companies..
5/5	==SS== A guest on a recording
===58	guinea pig	5
1/5	==SS== A tailless rodent of the the family Caviidae and the genus Cavia genus, with short ears and larger than a hamster; the species Cavia porcellus is often kept as a pet.
2/5	==SS== A living experimental subject.''He became a human '''guinea pig''' and was paid by the company.'' 
3/5	==SS== A rodent of any of several species within the family Caviidae.
4/5	==SS== A professional company director, without time or real qualifications for the duties.
5/5	==DB== Guinea pig.The guinea pig (Cavia porcellus), also called the cavy or domestic guinea pig, is a species of rodent belonging to the family Caviidae and the genus Cavia. Despite their common name, these animals are not in the Suidae, or pig family, nor do they originate from Guinea. They originated in the Andes, and earlier studies based on biochemistry and hybridization suggest they are domesticated descendants of a closely related species of cavy such as Cavia aperea, C. fulgida, or C. tschudii and, therefore, do not exist naturally in the wild. Recent studies applying molecular markers, in addition to studying the skull and skeletal morphology of current and mummified animals, revealed that the ancestor is most likely Cavia tschudii. The domestic guinea pig plays an important role in the folk culture of many Indigenous South American groups, especially as a food source, but also in folk medicine and in community religious ceremonies. Since the 1960s, efforts have been made to increase consumption of the animal outside South America. In Western societies, the domestic guinea pig has enjoyed widespread popularity as a household pet since its introduction by European traders in the 16th century. Their docile nature; friendly, even affectionate responsiveness to handling and feeding; and the relative ease of caring for them, continue to make guinea pigs a popular pet. Organizations devoted to competitive breeding of guinea pigs have been formed worldwide, and many specialized breeds of guinea pig, with varying coat colors and compositions, are cultivated by breeders. Biological experimentation on guinea pigs has been carried out since the 17th century. The animals were frequently used as model organisms in the 19th and 20th centuries, resulting in the epithet "guinea pig" for a test subject, but have since been largely replaced by other rodents such as mice and rats. They are still used in research, primarily as models for human medical conditions such as juvenile diabetes, tuberculosis, scurvy, and pregnancy complications..comment The guinea pig (Cavia porcellus), also called the cavy or domestic guinea pig, is a species of rodent belonging to the family Caviidae and the genus Cavia. Despite their common name, these animals are not in the Suidae, or pig family, nor do they originate from Guinea. They originated in the Andes, and earlier studies based on biochemistry and hybridization suggest they are domesticated descendants of a closely related species of cavy such as Cavia aperea, C. fulgida, or C. tschudii and, therefore, do not exist naturally in the wild. Recent studies applying molecular markers, in addition to studying the skull and skeletal morphology of current and mummified animals, revealed that the ancestor is most likely Cavia tschudii..
===59	hard disk	3
1/3	==SS== One of a series of parallel magnetic recording disks in a drive unit, used for the recording and retrieval of digital information; used especially in personal computers.
2/3	==SS== The unit itself, and all the disks within it.
3/3	==DB== Hard disk drive.A hard disk drive (HDD), hard disk, hard drive or fixed disk is a data storage device used for storing and retrieving digital information using one or more rigid rapidly rotating disks (platters) coated with magnetic material. The platters are paired with magnetic heads arranged on a moving actuator arm, which read and write data to the platter surfaces. Data is accessed in a random-access manner, meaning that individual blocks of data can be stored or retrieved in any order and not only sequentially. HDDs are a type of non-volatile memory, retaining stored data even when powered off. Introduced by IBM in 1956, HDDs became the dominant secondary storage device for general-purpose computers by the early 1960s. Continuously improved, HDDs have maintained this position into the modern era of servers and personal computers. More than 200 companies have produced HDDs historically, though after extensive industry consolidation most current units are manufactured by Seagate, Toshiba, and Western Digital. As of 2016, HDD production (in bytes per year) is growing, although unit shipments and sales revenues are declining. The primary competing technology for secondary storage is flash memory in the form of solid-state drives (SSDs), which have higher data-transfer rates, higher areal storage density, better reliability, and much lower latency and access times. While SSDs have higher cost per bit, SSDs are replacing HDDs where speed, power consumption, small size, and durability are important. The primary characteristics of an HDD are its capacity and performance. Capacity is specified in unit prefixes corresponding to powers of 1000: a 1-terabyte (TB) drive has a capacity of 1,000 gigabytes (GB; where 1 gigabyte = 1 billion bytes). Typically, some of an HDD's capacity is unavailable to the user because it is used by the file system and the computer operating system, and possibly inbuilt redundancy for error correction and recovery. Performance is specified by the time required to move the heads to a track or cylinder (average access time) plus the time it takes for the desired sector to move under the head (average latency, which is a function of the physical rotational speed in revolutions per minute), and finally the speed at which the data is transmitted (data rate). The two most common form factors for modern HDDs are 3.5-inch, for desktop computers, and 2.5-inch, primarily for laptops. HDDs are connected to systems by standard interface cables such as PATA (Parallel ATA), SATA (Serial ATA), USB or SAS (Serial attached SCSI) cables..comment A hard disk drive (HDD), hard disk, hard drive or fixed disk is a data storage device used for storing and retrieving digital information using one or more rigid rapidly rotating disks (platters) coated with magnetic material. The platters are paired with magnetic heads arranged on a moving actuator arm, which read and write data to the platter surfaces. Data is accessed in a random-access manner, meaning that individual blocks of data can be stored or retrieved in any order and not only sequentially. HDDs are a type of non-volatile memory, retaining stored data even when powered off..
===60	heart attack	3
1/3	==SS== An acute myocardial infarction, sometimes fatal, caused by the sudden occurrence of coronary thrombosis, which obstructs the blood supply to the heart and leads to necrosis of heart muscle tissue.
2/3	==DB== Myocardial infarction.icd I21-I22.icd 410.meshid D009203.Myocardial infarction.Myocardial infarction (MI) or acute myocardial infarction (AMI), commonly known as a heart attack, occurs when blood flow stops to a part of the heart causing damage to the heart muscle. The most common symptom is chest pain or discomfort which may travel into the shoulder, arm, back, neck, or jaw. Often it is in the center or left side of the chest and lasts for more than a few minutes. The discomfort may occasionally feel like heartburn. Other symptoms may include shortness of breath, nausea, feeling faint, a cold sweat, or feeling tired. About 30% of people have atypical symptoms, with women more likely than men to present atypically. Among those over 75 years old, about 5% have had an MI with little or no history of symptoms. An MI may cause heart failure, an irregular heartbeat, or cardiac arrest. Most MIs occur due to coronary artery disease. Risk factors include high blood pressure, smoking, diabetes, lack of exercise, obesity, high blood cholesterol, poor diet, and excessive alcohol intake, among others. The mechanism of an MI often involves the complete blockage of a coronary artery caused by a rupture of an atherosclerotic plaque. MIs are less commonly caused by coronary artery spasms, which may be due to cocaine, significant emotional stress, and extreme cold, among others. A number of tests are useful to help with diagnosis, including electrocardiograms (ECGs), blood tests, and coronary angiography. An ECG may confirm an ST elevation MI if ST elevation is present. Commonly used blood tests include troponin and less often creatine kinase MB. Aspirin is an appropriate immediate treatment for a suspected MI. Nitroglycerin or opioids may be used to help with chest pain; however, they do not improve overall outcomes. Supplemental oxygen should be used in those with low oxygen levels or shortness of breath. In ST elevation MIs treatments which attempt to restore blood flow to the heart are typically recommended and include angioplasty, where the arteries are pushed open, or thrombolysis, where the blockage is removed using medications. People who have a non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) are often managed with the blood thinner heparin, with the additional use of angioplasty in those at high risk. In people with blockages of multiple coronary arteries and diabetes, bypass surgery (CABG) may be recommended rather than angioplasty. After an MI, lifestyle modifications, along with long term treatment with aspirin, beta blockers, and statins, are typically recommended. Worldwide, about 8.6 million myocardial infarctions occurred in 2013. More than 3 million people had an ST elevation MI and more than 4 million had an NSTEMI. STEMIs occur about twice as often in men as women. About one million people have an MI each year in the United States. In the developed world the risk of death in those who have had an STEMI is about 10%. Rates of MI for a given age have decreased globally between 1990 and 2010..comment Myocardial infarction (MI) or acute myocardial infarction (AMI), commonly known as a heart attack, occurs when blood flow stops to a part of the heart causing damage to the heart muscle. The most common symptom is chest pain or discomfort which may travel into the shoulder, arm, back, neck, or jaw. Often it is in the center or left side of the chest and lasts for more than a few minutes. The discomfort may occasionally feel like heartburn. Other symptoms may include shortness of breath, nausea, feeling faint, a cold sweat, or feeling tired. About 30% of people have atypical symptoms, with women more likely than men to present atypically. Among those over 75 years old, about 5% have had an MI with little or no history of symptoms. An MI may cause heart failure, an irregular heartbeat, or ca.
3/3	==SS== Death or failure.''My computer had a '''heart attack''' when I tried to get it to run that program.'' 
===61	heat wave	3
1/3	==SS== Three consecutive days with daytime high temperature of 90 degrees Fahrenheit or higher.
2/3	==DB== Heat wave.A heat wave is a prolonged period of excessively hot weather, which may be accompanied by high humidity, especially in oceanic climate countries. While definitions vary, a heat wave is measured relative to the usual weather in the area and relative to normal temperatures for the season. Temperatures that people from a hotter climate consider normal can be termed a heat wave in a cooler area if they are outside the normal climate pattern for that area. The term is applied both to hot weather variations and to extraordinary spells of hot which may occur only once a century. Severe heat waves have caused catastrophic crop failures, thousands of deaths from hyperthermia, and widespread power outages due to increased use of air conditioning. A heat wave is considered extreme weather, and a danger because heat and sunlight may overheat the human body..comment A heat wave is a prolonged period of excessively hot weather, which may be accompanied by high humidity, especially in oceanic climate countries. While definitions vary, a heat wave is measured relative to the usual weather in the area and relative to normal temperatures for the season. Temperatures that people from a hotter climate consider normal can be termed a heat wave in a cooler area if they are outside the normal climate pattern for that area..
3/3	==SS== A period of exceptionally hot weather.
===62	heavy metal	22
1/22	==DB== title Heavy Metal.season 1.airdate 2008-02-04.episode 4.Heavy Metal (Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles)."Heavy Metal" is the fourth episode of the American television series Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. Aired on February 4, 2008, this episode features the discovery and stymieing of another Terminator and its preparatory mission to artificially bolster Skynet's future war resources, as well as Cromartie's realization of his new human disguise..comment "Heavy Metal" is the fourth episode of the American television series Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. Aired on February 4, 2008, this episode features the discovery and stymieing of another Terminator and its preparatory mission to artificially bolster Skynet's future war resources, as well as Cromartie's realization of his new human disguise..
2/22	==DB== Heavy Metal (cricket).
3/22	==SS== Guns or shot of large size.
4/22	==DB== Heavy Metal (Marvel Comics).
5/22	==DB== Toxic heavy metal.A toxic heavy metal is any relatively dense metal or metalloid that is noted for its potential toxicity, especially in environmental contexts. The term has particular application to cadmium, mercury, lead and arsenic, all of which appear in the World Health Organisation's list of 10 chemicals of major public concern. Other examples include manganese, chromium, cobalt, nickel, copper, zinc, selenium, silver, antimony and thallium. Heavy metals are found naturally in the earth. They become concentrated as a result of human caused activities and can enter plant, animal, and human tissues via inhalation, diet, and manual handling. Then, they can bind to and interfere with the functioning of vital cellular components. The toxic effects of arsenic, mercury, and lead were known to the ancients, but methodical studies of the toxicity of some heavy metals appear to date from only 1868. In humans, heavy metal poisoning is generally treated by the administration of chelating agents. Some elements otherwise regarded as toxic heavy metals are essential, in small quantities, for human health..comment A toxic heavy metal is any relatively dense metal or metalloid that is noted for its potential toxicity, especially in environmental contexts. The term has particular application to cadmium, mercury, lead and arsenic, all of which appear in the World Health Organisation's list of 10 chemicals of major public concern. Other examples include manganese, chromium, cobalt, nickel, copper, zinc, selenium, silver, antimony and thallium..
6/22	==DB== Heavy Metal (G.I. Joe).Heavy Metal is a fictional character from the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero toyline, comic books and cartoon series. He is the G.I. Joe Team's M.B.T. Mauler Tank driver and debuted in 1985..comment Heavy Metal is a fictional character from the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero toyline, comic books and cartoon series. He is the G.I. Joe Team's M.B.T. Mauler Tank driver and debuted in 1985..
7/22	==DB== Heavy Metal: a Tank Company's Battle to Baghdad.Heavy Metal: a Tank Company's Battle to Baghdad is a book by Captain Jason Conroy with Ron Martz published in 2005 by Potomac Books. In Heavy Metal, Conroy and Martz provide an up-close and very personal view of the sometimes vicious fighting that took place almost from the time the unit crossed the border from Kuwait until it got to Baghdad. The book chronicles the making of Charlie Company, following it from its home base at Fort Stewart, Georgia, to training in the deserts of California and Kuwait. It provides details of fighting on the road to Baghdad, including a key battle at the holy city of Najaf, where militias and Fedayeen Saddam used suicide tactics in a fruitless effort to stop the 70-ton M1A1 Abrams tanks. Heavy Metal is Capt. Conroy's account of what went right and what went wrong in Iraq from the start of the war. It demonstrates how Conroy and his soldiers were able to overcome supply shortages, intelligence failures, and weather of Biblical ferocity in their battle for downtown Baghdad, a place they were originally told they would never take their tanks. The book tells how young soldiers were able to overcome numerous obstacles and adversities and adapt to ever-changing conditions all the while under constant enemy fire for more than a month. Just south of Baghdad, in the city of Mahmudiyah, Charlie Company engaged in a battle with Soviet-made T-72 tanks at point-blank range, a tactic that is not part of Army doctrine and something for which the young soldiers had not trained. Heavy Metal also for the first time reveals what really happened at the Iraqi National Museum in Baghdad; how Iraqi Special Republican Guard soldiers used the museum as a defensive position; how museum employees and others hid most of the artifacts before the fighting began; and how the number of items stolen was exaggerated by a member of the museum staff in interviews with international media in an apparent effort to discredit the American military. Through the personal accounts of the young troopers of Charlie Co., Heavy Metal tells much about the quality of today’s American soldier, about 21st-century desert and urban warfare and how the Army should prepare to fight future wars..comment Heavy Metal: a Tank Company's Battle to Baghdad is a book by Captain Jason Conroy with Ron Martz published in 2005 by Potomac Books. In Heavy Metal, Conroy and Martz provide an up-close and very personal view of the sometimes vicious fighting that took place almost from the time the unit crossed the border from Kuwait until it got to Baghdad. The book tells how young soldiers were able to overcome numerous obstacles and adversities and adapt to ever-changing conditions all the while under constant enemy fire for more than a month..
8/22	==SS== {{syn|pt|metal|[[rock pauleira]] {{q|dated}}}} 
9/22	==SS== A genre descended from rock music, characterized by massive sound, highly amplified distortion, and overall loudness, often with extended guitar solos, and lyrics that involve violent or fantastic imagery.
10/22	==DB== Heavy Metal Music.length 3423.0.released 2013-08-06.lastAlbum Metal.Heavy Metal Music (album).Heavy Metal Music is the only studio album from heavy metal band Newsted. The album was released on August 6, 2013. It is the first Newsted release to feature guitarist Mike Mushok who joined the band following their debut release EP, Metal (2013). The album is the band's only full-length release, since bassist Jason Newsted "shut down" the project in early 2014..comment Heavy Metal Music is the only studio album from heavy metal band Newsted. The album was released on August 6, 2013. It is the first Newsted release to feature guitarist Mike Mushok who joined the band following their debut release EP, Metal (2013). The album is the band's only full-length release, since bassist Jason Newsted "shut down" the project in early 2014..
11/22	==DB== publisher Sega.title Heavy Metal: Geomatrix.released Dreamcast.released --07-12.released Arcade.released 2001.Heavy Metal: Geomatrix.Heavy Metal: Geomatrix is a fully 3D arena fighting video game released in 2001 by both Sega and Capcom for the Sega NAOMI and Dreamcast, based upon the Heavy Metal license. Using similar perspective and control scheme to Capcom's Spawn: In the Demon's Hand, the game presents up to 4 players combats in large arenas in what is seen as a follow up to the basics of Capcom's Power Stone series, although more oriented to weapon fighting/shooting and a serious and dark cyberpunk tone because of the Heavy Metal universe setting. The game features a soundtrack of licensed music by artists such as Megadeth, Halford, W.A.S.P., Corrosion of Conformity and Dust to Dust. A soundtrack CD featuring songs used in the game as well as songs from other artists was released by Sanctuary Records to tie in with the game..comment Heavy Metal: Geomatrix is a fully 3D arena fighting video game released in 2001 by both Sega and Capcom for the Sega NAOMI and Dreamcast, based upon the Heavy Metal license. Using similar perspective and control scheme to Capcom's Spawn: In the Demon's Hand, the game presents up to 4 players combats in large arenas in what is seen as a follow up to the basics of Capcom's Power Stone series, although more oriented to weapon fighting/shooting and a serious and dark cyberpunk tone because of the Heavy Metal universe setting. The game features a soundtrack of licensed music by artists such as Megadeth, Halford, W.A.S.P., Corrosion of Conformity and Dust to Dust. A soundtrack CD featuring songs used in the game as well as songs from other artists was released by Sanctuary Records to tie in with.
12/22	==DB== title Heavy Metal.issn 885.founder Leonard Mogel.imageSize 200.editor Grant Morrison.editorTitle Editor In Chief.Heavy Metal (magazine).Heavy Metal is an American science fiction and fantasy comics magazine, known primarily for its blend of dark fantasy/science fiction and erotica. In the mid-1970s, while publisher Leonard Mogel was in Paris to jump-start the French edition of National Lampoon, he discovered the French science-fantasy magazine Métal Hurlant which had debuted January 1975. The French title translates literally as "Howling Metal". When Mogel licensed the American version, he chose to rename it, and Heavy Metal began in the U.S. in April 1977 as a glossy, full-color monthly. Initially, it displayed translations of graphic stories originally published in Métal Hurlant, including work by Enki Bilal, Philippe Caza, Guido Crepax, Philippe Druillet, Jean-Claude Forest, Jean Giraud (aka Moebius) and Milo Manara. The magazine later ran Stefano Tamburini and Tanino Liberatore's ultra-violent RanXerox. Since the color pages had already been shot in France, the budget to reproduce them in the U.S. version was greatly reduced..comment Heavy Metal is an American science fiction and fantasy comics magazine, known primarily for its blend of dark fantasy/science fiction and erotica. In the mid-1970s, while publisher Leonard Mogel was in Paris to jump-start the French edition of National Lampoon, he discovered the French science-fantasy magazine Métal Hurlant which had debuted January 1975. The French title translates literally as "Howling Metal"..
13/22	==SS== Great influence or power.
14/22	==DB== title Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.².released Mac OS.released --08-04.released '''Microsoft Windows,.Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.².Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.² is a third-person shooter video game made by Ritual Entertainment in 2000. A computer game sequel to the Heavy Metal 2000 animated movie, the game stars Julie in her quest to save her home planet of Eden from GITH, an ancient entity seeking to conquer the universe. Using a variety of weapons, Julie must now fight off GITH's forces while at the same time uncovering a secret hidden deep within the planet. FAKK2 allows players to pair up and use two weapons at the same time depending on the situation - for example, sword and shield for maximum defense, sword and UZI for both range and melee capability, or dual-wield UZIs for maximum firepower. Players can also block enemy attacks and execute powerful combo moves to deal even deadlier blows to their enemies. The game uses the Quake III Arena engine (modified with Ritual's ÜberTools) and combines action with puzzle-solving. The game was ported to Linux by Loki Software, who had previously ported Quake III Arena to Linux..comment Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.² is a third-person shooter video game made by Ritual Entertainment in 2000. A computer game sequel to the Heavy Metal 2000 animated movie, the game stars Julie in her quest to save her home planet of Eden from GITH, an ancient entity seeking to conquer the universe. Using a variety of weapons, Julie must now fight off GITH's forces while at the same time uncovering a secret hidden deep within the planet..
15/22	==DB== Heavy Metal.birthDate 1970-10-04.names Heavy Metal.names Canelo Casas.billed Mexico City, Distrito Federal.trainer Pepe Casas.trainer Raúl Reyes.debut 1988-02-14.Heavy Metal (wrestler).Erick Francisco Casas Ruiz  is a Mexican professional wrestler currently working under the ring name Heavy Metal for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA). He is the son of referee Pepe Casas and part of the Casas wrestling family; the brother of Negro Casas and Felino..comment Erick Francisco Casas Ruiz  is a Mexican professional wrestler currently working under the ring name Heavy Metal for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA). He is the son of referee Pepe Casas and part of the Casas wrestling family; the brother of Negro Casas and Felino..
16/22	==DB== Heavy Metal 2000 OST.Heavy Metal 2000.screenplay Robert P. Cabeen.runtime 5280.0.length 4427.0.budget 1.5E7.music [[#Soundtrack.released 2000-04-18.lastAlbum ''Heavy Metal OST.Heavy Metal 2000.Heavy Metal 2000 (also known as Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.² outside North America) is a 2000 Canadian-German direct-to-video adult animated science fiction film produced by Jacques Pettigrew and Michel Lemire, and directed by Michael Coldewey and Lemire. Starring the voices of Michael Ironside, Julie Strain, and Billy Idol, the film is the follow-up to the 1981 animated cult film Heavy Metal, which is based on the fantasy magazine of the same name. The story is based on the graphic novel, The Melting Pot, written by Kevin Eastman, Simon Bisley and Eric Talbot. The film was made by CinéGroupe, a studio based in Montreal, Quebec..comment Heavy Metal 2000 (also known as Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.² outside North America) is a 2000 Canadian-German direct-to-video adult animated science fiction film produced by Jacques Pettigrew and Michel Lemire, and directed by Michael Coldewey and Lemire. Starring the voices of Michael Ironside, Julie Strain, and Billy Idol, the film is the follow-up to the 1981 animated cult film Heavy Metal, which is based on the fantasy magazine of the same name. The story is based on the graphic novel, The Melting Pot, written by Kevin Eastman, Simon Bisley and Eric Talbot. The film was made by CinéGroupe, a studio based in Montreal, Quebec..
17/22	==SS== Any metal that has a specific gravity greater than about 5, especially one, such as lead, that is poisonous and may be a hazard in the environment.
18/22	==DB== Heavy metals.Heavy metals are generally defined as metals with relatively high densities, atomic weights, or atomic numbers. The criteria used, and whether metalloids are included, vary depending on the author and context. In metallurgy, for example, a heavy metal may be defined on the basis of density, whereas in physics the distinguishing criterion might be atomic number, while a chemist would likely be more concerned with chemical behaviour. More specific definitions have been published but none of these have been widely accepted. The definitions surveyed in this article encompass up to 92 elements; only mercury, lead and bismuth meet all of them. Despite this lack of agreement the term (plural or singular) is widely used in science. A density of more than 5 g/cm3 is sometimes quoted as a commonly used criterion and is used in the body of this article. The earliest known metals—common metals such as iron, copper, and tin, and precious metals such as silver, gold, and platinum—are heavy metals. From 1809 onwards, light metals, such as magnesium, aluminium, and titanium, were discovered, as well as less well-known heavy metals like gallium, thallium, and hafnium. Some heavy metals are either essential nutrients (typically iron, cobalt, and zinc), or relatively harmless (such as ruthenium, silver, and indium) but can be toxic in large amounts or certain forms. Other heavy metals, like cadmium, mercury, and lead, are notably toxic. Potential sources of heavy metal poisoning include mining and industrial wastes, agricultural runoff, occupational exposure, and contact with lead-based paints. Physical and chemical characterisations of heavy metals need to be treated with caution as the metals involved are not always consistently defined. As well as being relatively dense, heavy metals tend to be less reactive than lighter metals and have much less soluble sulfides and hydroxides. While it is relatively easy to distinguish a heavy metal such as tungsten from a lighter metal such as sodium, a few heavy metals such as zinc, mercury, and lead have some of the characteristics of lighter metals, and lighter metals such as beryllium, scandium, and titanium have some of the characteristics of heavier metals. Heavy metals are relatively scarce in the Earth's crust but are present in many aspects of modern life. They are used in, for example, golf clubs, cars, antiseptics, self-cleaning ovens, plastics, solar panels, mobile phones, and particle accelerators..comment Heavy metals are generally defined as metals with relatively high densities, atomic weights, or atomic numbers. The criteria used, and whether metalloids are included, vary depending on the author and context. In metallurgy, for example, a heavy metal may be defined on the basis of density, whereas in physics the distinguishing criterion might be atomic number, while a chemist would likely be more concerned with chemical behaviour. More specific definitions have been published but none of these have been widely accepted. The definitions surveyed in this article encompass up to 92 elements; only mercury, lead and bismuth meet all of them. Despite this lack of agreement the term (plural or singular) is widely used in science. A density of more than 5 g/cm3 is sometimes quoted as a commonly u.
19/22	==DB== Heavy Metal (Clap Your Hands Say Yeah song).
20/22	==DB== Heavy Metal (Sliders).
21/22	==DB== Heavy Metal.producer Animation director:.runtime 5400.0.country United States.country Canada.basedOn Original art and stories.basedOn by Richard Corben.basedOn Thomas Warkentin.nextAlbum Heavy Metal 2000 OST.Heavy Metal (film).Heavy Metal is a 1981 Canadian-American adult animated anthology science fiction fantasy film directed by Gerald Potterton and produced by Ivan Reitman and Leonard Mogel, who also was the publisher of Heavy Metal magazine, the basis for the film. The screenplay was written by Daniel Goldberg and Len Blum. The film was the sixth animated feature film to be presented in Dolby surround sound. The film is an anthology of various science fiction and fantasy stories adapted from Heavy Metal magazine and original stories in the same spirit. Like the magazine, the film features a great deal of graphic violence, sexuality, and nudity. Its production was expedited by having several animation houses working simultaneously on different segments, including CinéGroupe and Atkinson Film-Arts. A sequel titled Heavy Metal 2000 was released in 2000..comment Heavy Metal is a 1981 Canadian-American adult animated anthology science fiction fantasy film directed by Gerald Potterton and produced by Ivan Reitman and Leonard Mogel, who also was the publisher of Heavy Metal magazine, the basis for the film. The screenplay was written by Daniel Goldberg and Len Blum. The film was the sixth animated feature film to be presented in Dolby surround sound. A sequel titled Heavy Metal 2000 was released in 2000..
22/22	==DB== Heavy metal.filename Heavy rythmic pattern audio.ogg.filename Led Zeppelin Whole Lotta Love.ogg.filename 29.0.filename Van Halen Hot for Teacher.ogg.filename Angel of Death clip.ogg.filename Obituary Suffocation.ogg.filename Mayhem De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas.ogg.filename Helloween_halloween.ogg.filename Burning Witch Country Doctor.ogg.filename Panterawalk.ogg.title Rhythmic Pattern Audio.title "Whole Lotta Love".title "Purgatory".title "Hot for Teacher".title "Angel of Death".title "Suffocation".title "De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas".title "Halloween".title "Country Doctor".title "Walk" by Pantera.description Sample of "Whole Lotta Love" by Led Zeppelin, from Led Zeppelin II . The heavy riff-based song, using lyrics culled from the blues..description Sample of "Purgatory" by Iron Maiden, from the album Killers . The early Iron Maiden sound was a mix of punk rock speed and heavy metal guitar work typical of the new wave of British heavy metal..description Sample of "Hot for Teacher" by Van Halen, from the album 1984 . This sample demonstrates their sound's similarity to the glam metal style..description Slayer's "Angel of Death", from Reign in Blood , which features the fast, technically complex musicianship typical of thrash metal.description "Suffocation" by Obituary from the album Slowly We Rot.description The title track of Mayhem's De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas.description Sample of Helloween's Halloween from Keeper of the Seven Keys ..description "Country Doctor" from Crippled Lucifer  by doom metal band Burning Witch.description "Walk" from Pantera's Vulgar Display of Power , exemplifying the groove metal style.subgenres * Avant-garde metal * extreme metal ** black metal ** death metal ** doom metal ** thrash metal * glam metal * groove metal * power metal * speed metal * traditional heavy metal.fusiongenres * Alternative metal  * Christian metal * crust punk * drone metal * folk metal * gothic metal * grindcore * industrial metal * metalcore * neoclassical metal * post-metal * progressive metal * sludge metal * stoner rock * symphonic metal.Heavy metal music.Heavy metal (or simply metal) is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom and the United States. With roots in blues rock and psychedelic rock, the bands that created heavy metal developed a thick, massive sound, characterized by highly amplified distortion, extended guitar solos, emphatic beats, and overall loudness. Heavy metal lyrics and performance styles are sometimes associated with aggression and machismo. The first heavy metal bands such as Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath and Deep Purple attracted large audiences, though they were often derided by critics. During the mid-1970s, Judas Priest helped spur the genre's evolution by discarding much of its blues influence; Motörhead introduced a punk rock sensibility and an increasing emphasis on speed. Beginning in the late 1970s, bands in the new wave of British heavy metal such as Iron Maiden and Saxon followed in a similar vein. Before the end of the decade, heavy metal fans became known as "metalheads" or "headbangers". During the 1980s, glam metal became popular with groups such as Mötley Crüe and Poison. Underground scenes produced an array of more aggressive styles: thrash metal broke into the mainstream with bands such as Metallica, Megadeth, Slayer, and Anthrax, while other extreme subgenres of metal such as death metal and black metal remain subcultural phenomena. Since the mid-1990s popular styles have further expanded the definition of the genre. These include groove metal (with bands such as Pantera, Sepultura, and Lamb of God) and nu metal (with bands such as Korn, Slipknot, and Linkin Park), the latter of which often incorporates elements of grunge and hip hop..comment Heavy metal (or simply metal) is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom and the United States. With roots in blues rock and psychedelic rock, the bands that created heavy metal developed a thick, massive sound, characterized by highly amplified distortion, extended guitar solos, emphatic beats, and overall loudness. Heavy metal lyrics and performance styles are sometimes associated with aggression and machismo..
===63	high school	3
1/3	==SS== secondary school
2/3	==SS== An institution which provides all or part of secondary education.
3/3	==DB== Secondary school.A secondary school, often referred to as a high school or a senior high school, is a school which provides secondary education, between the ages of 11 and 19 depending on location, after primary school and before higher education..comment A secondary school, often referred to as a high school or a senior high school, is a school which provides secondary education, between the ages of 11 and 19 depending on location, after primary school and before higher education..
===64	home ground	3
1/3	==SS== an area or place where one feels familiar or at home.
2/3	==DB== Home (sports).(For the batting and scoring base in baseball, see Home plate.)("Home team" redirects here. For the film, see Home Team (film).) ("Home ice" redirects here. For the XM Satellite Radio channel, see NHL Home Ice.) In sports, home is the place and venue identified with a team sport. Most professional teams are named for, and marketed to, particular metropolitan areas; amateur teams may be drawn from a particular region, or from institutions such as schools or universities. When they play in that venue, they are said to be the "home team"; when the team plays elsewhere, they are the away, visiting, or road team. Home teams wear home colors. Each team has a location where it practices during the season and where it hosts games. This is referred to as the home court, home field, home stadium, home arena, or home ice. When a team is serving as host of a contest, it is designated as the "home team". The event is described as a "home game" for that team and the venue that the game is being played is described as the "home field." In most sports, there is a home field advantage whereby the home team wins more frequently because it has a greater familiarity with the nuances of the venue and because it has more fans cheering for it, which supposedly gives the players adrenaline and an advantage. The opposing team is said to be the visiting team, the away team, or the road team. In baseball, sometimes, when teams are playing a makeup game from an earlier game postponed by rain, the game may have to be made up in the other team's stadium. An example of this occurred on September 26, 2007, with a game between the Cleveland Indians, who were the "home" team, but the game was played vs. the Seattle Mariners in Safeco Field, with their fans, etc. Other instances of the home team playing in the visitor's stadium include the New Orleans Saints hosting the New York Giants at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey a few weeks after Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans in 2005; and the Toronto Blue Jays playing a 2010 home series with the Philadelphia Phillies in the Phillies' Citizens Bank Park while the G-20 Summit was being held near the Rogers Centre in Toronto. Because it was an interleague series, the designated hitter rule was instituted in a National League ballpark for the first time in the regular season. A spectator can often tell which team is home by looking at the field of play. Often a home team logo, insignia or name is in the middle of the field at center ice, midfield, or center court. Also, the logo, insignia or name may be found atop a dugout in baseball or in the end zone in American football. Rules and conventions often apply to the choice of home and away colors. In Australian football, the home team traditionally wears black shorts. In American football and hockey, the home team tends to wear uniforms that feature their team colors, whereas the visiting team will wear white or a lighter color. On the other hand, in baseball and basketball, the home team will typically choose to wear the lighter colored version of its uniform. In fact, many teams have a home uniform which is mostly white and referred to as the "home whites". The road team will generally wear a version of its uniform with one of the darker of its official colors as the main color, or in baseball with a grey main color referred to as the "road greys". The term "home whites" originated in the early days of Major League Baseball. Typically the visiting team had no access to laundry facilities and thus the players were unable to clean their uniforms on the road. By wearing grey or another dark color the visiting team was better able to conceal the dirt and grass stains that had accumulated on their uniforms over the course of the series. The home team, having access to laundry facilities, was able to wear clean white uniforms each day, hence the term "home whites". In any context where a game score or the pair of teams meeting in a game are mentioned, the team mentioned first (left or top) is the home team, except in the United States and Canada, and to a lesser extent, Japan, where home teams are mentioned second. Typically, the home team has responsibilities such as supplying the venue and equipment, hosting its opponent, media and the officials (referees, umpires, etc.), and may have the opportunity to sell tickets, food and media rights..comment (For the batting and scoring base in baseball, see Home plate.)("Home team" redirects here. For the film, see Home Team (film).) ("Home ice" redirects here. For the XM Satellite Radio channel, see NHL Home Ice.) A spectator can often tell which team is home by looking at the field of play. Often a home team logo, insignia or name is in the middle of the field at center ice, midfield, or center court. Also, the logo, insignia or name may be found atop a dugout in baseball or in the end zone in American football..
3/3	==SS== a sports team's own ground, which is used for their home games.
===65	home run	5
1/5	==SS== A success; especially, a popular success.''The product was a '''home run'''.'' 
2/5	==SS== Sexual intercourse.
3/5	==SS== A four-base hit, a homer''The first baseman hit a '''home run''' to lead off the ninth.'' 
4/5	==DB== Home run.In baseball, a home run (abbreviated HR, also "homer", "tater", "YABO" "dinger", "dong", "bomb", "blast", "goner" , "shot", or "four-bagger") is scored when the ball is hit in such a way that the batter is able to circle the bases and reach home safely in one play without any errors being committed by the defensive team in the process. In modern baseball, the feat is typically achieved by hitting the ball over the outfield fence between the foul poles (or making contact with either foul pole) without first touching the ground, resulting in an automatic home run. There is also the "inside-the-park" home run, increasingly rare in modern baseball, where the batter reaches home safely while the baseball is in play on the field. When a home run is scored, the batter is also credited with a hit and a run scored, and an RBI for each runner that scores, including himself. Likewise, the pitcher is recorded as having given up a hit, and a run for each runner that scores including the batter. Homeruns are among the most popular aspects of baseball and, as a result, prolific home run hitters are usually the most popular among fans and consequently the highest paid by teams—hence the old saying, variously attributed to slugger Ralph Kiner, or to a teammate talking about Kiner, "Home run hitters drive Cadillacs, and singles hitters drive Fords.".comment In baseball, a home run (abbreviated HR, also "homer", "tater", "YABO" "dinger", "dong", "bomb", "blast", "goner" , "shot", or "four-bagger") is scored when the ball is hit in such a way that the batter is able to circle the bases and reach home safely in one play without any errors being committed by the defensive team in the process. In modern baseball, the feat is typically achieved by hitting the ball over the outfield fence between the foul poles (or making contact with either foul pole) without first touching the ground, resulting in an automatic home run. There is also the "inside-the-park" home run, increasingly rare in modern baseball, where the batter reaches home safely while the baseball is in play on the field. When a home run is scored, the batter is also credited with a hit .
5/5	==SS== The portion of a journey that ends at home''I'm on the '''home run'''. 
===66	home video	3
1/3	==SS== A film released on video without a previous cinema release.
2/3	==SS== A televisual recording made privately for domestic use, rather than commercially or professionally
3/3	==DB== Home video.Home video is pre-recorded media that is either sold, rented or streamed for home entertainment. The term originates from the VHS/Betamax era, when the predominant medium was videotape, but has carried over into current optical disc formats like DVD and Blu-ray Disc and, to a lesser extent, into methods of digital distribution such as Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Video. The home video business distributes films, telemovies and television series in the form of videos in various formats to the public. These are either bought or rented and then watched privately from the comfort of consumers' homes. Most theatrically released films are now released on digital media, both optical (DVD or Blu-ray) and download-based, replacing the largely obsolete VHS (Video Home System) medium. The VCD format remains popular in Asia, though DVDs are gradually gaining popularity..comment Home video is pre-recorded media that is either sold, rented or streamed for home entertainment. The term originates from the VHS/Betamax era, when the predominant medium was videotape, but has carried over into current optical disc formats like DVD and Blu-ray Disc and, to a lesser extent, into methods of digital distribution such as Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Video..
===67	host country	3
1/3	==SS== A country in which an international event is held.''Chile is the '''host country''' for this year's conference.'' 
2/3	==SS== A country which is the target of immigration.''Many immigrants struggle to adapt themselves to the culture of the '''host country'''.'' 
3/3	==SS== A country whose leaders accept the visitation of the representatives or agencies of another country.
===68	ice age	3
1/3	==DB== Ice age.An ice age is a period of long-term reduction in the temperature of Earth's surface and atmosphere, resulting in the presence or expansion of continental and polar ice sheets and alpine glaciers. Within a long-term ice age, individual pulses of cold climate are termed "glacial periods" (or alternatively "glacials" or "glaciations" or colloquially as "ice age"), and intermittent warm periods are called "interglacials". Glaciologically, ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in both northern and southern hemispheres. By this definition, we are in an interglacial period—the Holocene—of the ice age that began 2.6 million years ago at the start of the Pleistocene epoch, because the Greenland, Arctic, and Antarctic ice sheets still exist..comment An ice age is a period of long-term reduction in the temperature of Earth's surface and atmosphere, resulting in the presence or expansion of continental and polar ice sheets and alpine glaciers. Within a long-term ice age, individual pulses of cold climate are termed "glacial periods" (or alternatively "glacials" or "glaciations" or colloquially as "ice age"), and intermittent warm periods are called "interglacials". Glaciologically, ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in both northern and southern hemispheres. By this definition, we are in an interglacial period—the Holocene—of the ice age that began 2.6 million years ago at the start of the Pleistocene epoch, because the Greenland, Arctic, and Antarctic ice sheets still exist..
2/3	==SS== Any of several glacial periods (within a scientific ice age) marked by episodes of extensive glaciation alternating with episodes of relative warmth (interglacial).
3/3	==SS== A period of long-term reduction in the temperature of Earth's surface and atmosphere, resulting in the presence of polar ice sheets and alpine glaciers.
===69	information technology	3
1/3	==DB== Information technology.Information technology (IT) is the application of computers and internet to store, retrieve, transmit, and manipulate data, or information, often in the context of a business or other enterprise. IT is considered a subset of information and communications technology (ICT). In 2012, Zuppo proposed an ICT hierarchy where each hierarchy level "contain some degree of commonality in that they are related to technologies that facilitate the transfer of information and various types of electronically mediated communications." Business/IT was one level of the ICT hierarchy. The term is commonly used as a synonym for computers and computer networks, but it also encompasses other information distribution technologies such as television and telephones. Several industries are associated with information technology, including computer hardware, software, electronics, semiconductors, internet, telecom equipment, engineering, healthcare, e-commerce, and computer services. Humans have been storing, retrieving, manipulating, and communicating information since the Sumerians in Mesopotamia developed writing in about 3000 BC, but the term information technology in its modern sense first appeared in a 1958 article published in the Harvard Business Review; authors Harold J. Leavitt and Thomas L. Whisler commented that "the new technology does not yet have a single established name. We shall call it information technology (IT)." Their definition consists of three categories: techniques for processing, the application of statistical and mathematical methods to decision-making, and the simulation of higher-order thinking through computer programs. Based on the storage and processing technologies employed, it is possible to distinguish four distinct phases of IT development: pre-mechanical (3000 BC – 1450 AD), mechanical (1450–1840), electromechanical (1840–1940), electronic (1940–present), and moreover, IT as a service. This article focuses on the most recent period (electronic), which began in about 1940..comment Information technology (IT) is the application of computers and internet to store, retrieve, transmit, and manipulate data, or information, often in the context of a business or other enterprise. IT is considered a subset of information and communications technology (ICT). In 2012, Zuppo proposed an ICT hierarchy where each hierarchy level "contain some degree of commonality in that they are related to technologies that facilitate the transfer of information and various types of electronically mediated communications." Business/IT was one level of the ICT hierarchy..
2/3	==SS== The practice of creating and/or studying computer systems and applications.
3/3	==SS== The computing department of an organization.
===70	jet lag	3
1/3	==DB== Jet lag.icd ,.icd 780.5.icd 307.45.icd 327.35.meshid D021081.Jet lag.Jet lag, medically referred to as desynchronosis and rarely as circadian dysrhythmia, is a physiological condition which results from alterations to the body's circadian rhythms resulting from rapid long-distance trans-meridian (east–west or west–east) travel on high-speed aircraft. For example, someone travelling from New York to London feels as if the time were five hours earlier than local time. Jet lag was previously classified as one of the circadian rhythm sleep disorders. The condition of jet lag may last several days before the traveller is fully adjusted to the new time zone; a recovery period of one day per time zone crossed is a suggested guideline. Jet lag is especially an issue for airline pilots, crew, and frequent travellers. Airlines have regulations aimed at combating pilot fatigue caused by jet lag. The term "jet lag" is used because before the arrival of passenger jet aircraft, it was uncommon to travel far and fast enough to cause jet lag. Travel by propeller-driven aircraft, by ship or by train were slower and of more limited distance than jet flights, and thus did not contribute widely to the problem..comment Jet lag, medically referred to as desynchronosis and rarely as circadian dysrhythmia, is a physiological condition which results from alterations to the body's circadian rhythms resulting from rapid long-distance trans-meridian (east–west or west–east) travel on high-speed aircraft. For example, someone travelling from New York to London feels as if the time were five hours earlier than local time. Jet lag was previously classified as one of the circadian rhythm sleep disorders..
2/3	==SS== A physical condition caused by crossing time zones during flight; often the result of disruption to the circadian rhythms of the body.
3/3	==SS== jet lag
===71	land bridge	3
1/3	==SS== An isthmus or other land connection between what at other times are separate land masses.
2/3	==DB== Land bridge.A land bridge, in biogeography, is an isthmus or wider land connection between otherwise separate areas, over which animals and plants are able to cross and colonise new lands. A land bridge can be created by marine regression, in which sea levels fall, exposing shallow, previously submerged sections of continental shelf; or when new land is created by plate tectonics; or occasionally when the sea floor rises due to post-glacial rebound after an ice age..comment A land bridge, in biogeography, is an isthmus or wider land connection between otherwise separate areas, over which animals and plants are able to cross and colonise new lands. A land bridge can be created by marine regression, in which sea levels fall, exposing shallow, previously submerged sections of continental shelf; or when new land is created by plate tectonics; or occasionally when the sea floor rises due to post-glacial rebound after an ice age..
3/3	==SS== Travel by ferry from one country, via another country by road, then by another ferry crossing to a third country. An example is from Ireland by ferry to the UK, by road to the opposite coast, then ferry to France.
===72	leap year	8
1/8	==DB== Leap Year.runtime 5460.0.starring Edmund Breon.starring Tom Walls.starring Anne Grey.released 1932-10-11.Leap Year (1932 film).Leap Year is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Tom Walls, who co-stars with Anne Grey, Edmund Breon and Ellis Jeffreys. Made at Elstree Studios, it was written by A.R. Rawlinson, and produced by Herbert Wilcox. The film was re-released in 1937..comment Leap Year is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Tom Walls, who co-stars with Anne Grey, Edmund Breon and Ellis Jeffreys. Made at Elstree Studios, it was written by A.R. Rawlinson, and produced by Herbert Wilcox. The film was re-released in 1937..
2/8	==SS== A year in the Julian or Gregorian calendars with an intercalary day added to February, used to adjust for the extra hours of the solar year.
3/8	==DB== The Leap Years.country Singapore.The Leap Years.The Leap Years (also known as Leap of Love) is a Singapore film produced by MediaCorp Raintree Pictures, based on the novella Leap of Love by the author Catherine Lim. The production for the film started in 2005, and the film was initially to be released in December 2005 release. It was released on February 29, 2008 in Singapore..comment The Leap Years (also known as Leap of Love) is a Singapore film produced by MediaCorp Raintree Pictures, based on the novella Leap of Love by the author Catherine Lim. The production for the film started in 2005, and the film was initially to be released in December 2005 release. It was released on February 29, 2008 in Singapore..
4/8	==DB== Leap Year.writer Sarah Y. Mason.runtime 3600.0.language English intertitles.Leap Year (1924 film).Leap Year is a 1924 American comedy film directed by and starring Roscoe Arbuckle. The film was not released in the United States in 1921, due to Arbuckle's involvement in the Virginia Rappe death scandal. The film finally saw an American release of sorts in 1981. Prints held by UCLA and by the Library of Congress..comment Leap Year is a 1924 American comedy film directed by and starring Roscoe Arbuckle. The film was not released in the United States in 1921, due to Arbuckle's involvement in the Virginia Rappe death scandal. The film finally saw an American release of sorts in 1981. Prints held by UCLA and by the Library of Congress..
5/8	==SS== Any other year featuring intercalation, such as a year in a lunisolar calendar with 13 months instead of 12, used to maintain its alignment with the seasons of the solar year.
6/8	==DB== Leap year.A leap year (also known as an intercalary year or a bissextile year) is a year containing one additional day (or, in the case of lunisolar calendars, a month) added to keep the calendar year synchronized with the astronomical or seasonal year. Because seasons and astronomical events do not repeat in a whole number of days, calendars that have the same number of days in each year drift over time with respect to the event that the year is supposed to track. By inserting (also called intercalating) an additional day or month into the year, the drift can be corrected. A year that is not a leap year is called a common year. For example, in the Gregorian calendar, each leap year has 366 days instead of the usual 365, by extending February to 29 days rather than the common 28. Similarly, in the lunisolar Hebrew calendar, Adar Aleph, a 13th lunar month, is added seven times every 19 years to the twelve lunar months in its common years to keep its calendar year from drifting through the seasons. In the Baha'i Calendar, a leap day is added when needed to ensure that the following year begins on the vernal equinox. The name "leap year" probably comes from the fact that while a fixed date in the Gregorian calendar normally advances one day of the week from one year to the next, the day of the week in the 12 months following the leap day (from March 1 through February 28 of the following year) will advance two days due to the extra day (thus "leaping over" one of the days in the week). For example, Christmas Day fell on a Tuesday in 2001, Wednesday in 2002, and Thursday in 2003 but then "leapt" over Friday to fall on a Saturday in 2004. The length of a day is also occasionally changed by the insertion of leap seconds into Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), owing to the variability of Earth's rotational period. Unlike leap days, leap seconds are not introduced on a regular schedule, since the variability in the length of the day is not entirely predictable..comment A leap year (also known as an intercalary year or a bissextile year) is a year containing one additional day (or, in the case of lunisolar calendars, a month) added to keep the calendar year synchronized with the astronomical or seasonal year. Because seasons and astronomical events do not repeat in a whole number of days, calendars that have the same number of days in each year drift over time with respect to the event that the year is supposed to track. By inserting (also called intercalating) an additional day or month into the year, the drift can be corrected. A year that is not a leap year is called a common year..
7/8	==DB== runtime 3600.0.showName Leap Years.numSeasons 1.numEpisodes 20.firstAired 2001-07-29.lastAired 2002-01-31.Leap Years.Leap Years is a 2001 drama television series that aired on the Showtime cable network. The show was created by Ron Cowen and Daniel Lipman, who had created the American version of the series Queer as Folk. It followed a group of friends in New York City. Set in the main in 2001, the show was uniquely structured as a series of flashbacks to 1993 and flashforwards to the then-near future 2008..comment Leap Years is a 2001 drama television series that aired on the Showtime cable network. The show was created by Ron Cowen and Daniel Lipman, who had created the American version of the series Queer as Folk. It followed a group of friends in New York City. Set in the main in 2001, the show was uniquely structured as a series of flashbacks to 1993 and flashforwards to the then-near future 2008..
8/8	==DB== Leap Year.producer *.producer * Jake Weiner.screenplay *.runtime 6000.0.starring *.budget 1.9E7.gross 3.26E7.Leap Year (2010 film).Leap Year is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Anand Tucker, and starring Amy Adams and Matthew Goode. Written by Harry Elfont and Deborah Kaplan, the film is about a woman who heads to Ireland to ask her boyfriend to accept her wedding proposal on leap day, when tradition supposedly holds that men cannot refuse a woman's proposal for marriage. Her plans are interrupted by a series of increasingly unlikely events and are further complicated when she hires a handsome Irish innkeeper to take her to her boyfriend in Dublin. The film was shot in County Wicklow, Dublin, County Mayo, and County Galway, with filming taking place in and around the Aran Islands, Connemara, Temple Bar, Georgian Dublin, Wicklow National Park, and Olaf Street, Waterford. Leap Year premiered in New York City on January 6, 2010. The film received mostly negative reviews..comment Leap Year is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Anand Tucker, and starring Amy Adams and Matthew Goode. Written by Harry Elfont and Deborah Kaplan, the film is about a woman who heads to Ireland to ask her boyfriend to accept her wedding proposal on leap day, when tradition supposedly holds that men cannot refuse a woman's proposal for marriage. Her plans are interrupted by a series of increasingly unlikely events and are further complicated when she hires a handsome Irish innkeeper to take her to her boyfriend in Dublin. The film was shot in County Wicklow, Dublin, County Mayo, and County Galway, with filming taking place in and around the Aran Islands, Connemara, Temple Bar, Georgian Dublin, Wicklow National Park, and Olaf Street, Waterford. Leap Year premiered in New York .
===73	life cycle	12
1/12	==DB== Software release life cycle.A software release life cycle is the sum of the stages of development and maturity for a piece of computer software: ranging from its initial development to its eventual release, and including updated versions of the released version to help improve software or fix bugs still present in the software..comment A software release life cycle is the sum of the stages of development and maturity for a piece of computer software: ranging from its initial development to its eventual release, and including updated versions of the released version to help improve software or fix bugs still present in the software..
2/12	==DB== 
3/12	==DB== Enterprise life cycle.Enterprise life cycle (ELC) in enterprise architecture is the dynamic, iterative process of changing the enterprise over time by incorporating new business processes, new technology, and new capabilities, as well as maintenance, disposition and disposal of existing elements of the enterprise..comment Enterprise life cycle (ELC) in enterprise architecture is the dynamic, iterative process of changing the enterprise over time by incorporating new business processes, new technology, and new capabilities, as well as maintenance, disposition and disposal of existing elements of the enterprise..
4/12	==DB== Life Cycle.length 2629.0.nextAlbum Steps.Life Cycle (Sieges Even album).Life Cycle is the first studio album by the progressive metal band Sieges Even. The album is known for being a speed metal album, which in their next album they embarked on a change in their sound..comment Life Cycle is the first studio album by the progressive metal band Sieges Even. The album is known for being a speed metal album, which in their next album they embarked on a change in their sound..
5/12	==DB== Systems development life cycle.The systems development life cycle (SDLC), also referred to as the application development life-cycle, is a term used in systems engineering, information systems and software engineering to describe a process for planning, creating, testing, and deploying an information system. The systems development life-cycle concept applies to a range of hardware and software configurations, as a system can be composed of hardware only, software only, or a combination of both..comment The systems development life cycle (SDLC), also referred to as the application development life-cycle, is a term used in systems engineering, information systems and software engineering to describe a process for planning, creating, testing, and deploying an information system. The systems development life-cycle concept applies to a range of hardware and software configurations, as a system can be composed of hardware only, software only, or a combination of both..
6/12	==SS== The useful life of a product or system; the developmental history of an individual or group in society.
7/12	==SS== The course of stages through which an organism passes from fertilized zygote until maturity, reproduction, and death.
8/12	==DB== Project life cycle.
9/12	==DB== Life Cycle.length 2548.0.lastAlbum Emerald Tears.nextAlbum Jumpin' In.Life Cycle (Dave Holland album).Life Cycle is an album featuring solo cello performances by Dave Holland recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label..comment Life Cycle is an album featuring solo cello performances by Dave Holland recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label..
10/12	==DB== Biological life cycle.In biology, a life cycle is a series of changes in form that an organism undergoes, returning to the starting state. "The concept is closely related to those of the life history, development and ontogeny, but differs from them in stressing renewal." Transitions of form may involve growth, asexual reproduction, and/or sexual reproduction. In some organisms, different "generations" of the species succeed each other during the life cycle. For plants and many algae, there are two multicellular stages, and the life cycle is referred to as alternation of generations. The term life history is often used, particularly for organisms such as the red algae which have three multicellular stages (or more), rather than two. Life cycles that include sexual reproduction involve alternating haploid (n) and diploid (2n) stages, i.e., a change of ploidy is involved. To return from a diploid stage to a haploid stage, meiosis must occur. In regard to changes of ploidy, there are 3 types of cycles:  * haplontic life cycle — the haploid stage is multicellular and the diploid stage is a single cell, meiosis is "zygotic".  * diplontic life cycle — the diploid stage is multicellular and haploid gametes are formed, meiosis is "gametic".  * haplodiplontic life cycle (also referred to as diplohaplontic, diplobiontic, or dibiontic life cycle) — multicellular diploid and haploid stages occur, meiosis is "sporic". The cycles differ in when mitosis (growth) occurs. Zygotic meiosis and gametic meiosis have one mitotic stage: mitosis occurs during the n phase in zygotic meiosis and during the 2n phase in gametic meiosis. Therefore, zygotic and gametic meiosis are collectively termed haplobiontic (single mitotic phase, not to be confused with haplontic). Sporic meiosis, on the other hand, has mitosis in two stages, both the diploid and haploid stages, termed diplobiontic (not to be confused with diplontic)..comment In biology, a life cycle is a series of changes in form that an organism undergoes, returning to the starting state. "The concept is closely related to those of the life history, development and ontogeny, but differs from them in stressing renewal." Transitions of form may involve growth, asexual reproduction, and/or sexual reproduction..
11/12	==DB== Life Cycles.length 3012.0.released 2012-07-03.lastAlbum Deceiver.nextAlbum Real..recorded --02-07.Life Cycles (The Word Alive album).Life Cycles is the second studio album by American metalcore band The Word Alive. The album was released on July 3, 2012 through Fearless Records. The album features a heavier and more "metal-headed" sound as stated by lead singer Tyler "Telle" Smith. Life Cycles is the first release by the band to be without keyboardist, Dusty Riach, who parted ways with the band at the beginning of 2012. During the album session a total of 17 tracks were recorded, although only 13 of the tracks made it on the album. A deluxe version was originally planned; however, it never came to fruition. However, both Amazon and iTunes digital versions have a bonus track respectively..comment Life Cycles is the second studio album by American metalcore band The Word Alive. The album was released on July 3, 2012 through Fearless Records. The album features a heavier and more "metal-headed" sound as stated by lead singer Tyler "Telle" Smith. Life Cycles is the first release by the band to be without keyboardist, Dusty Riach, who parted ways with the band at the beginning of 2012..
12/12	==DB== Product life cycle.
===74	life expectancy	3
1/3	==DB== Life expectancy.Life expectancy is a statistical measure of the average time an organism is expected to live, based on the year of their birth, their current age and other demographic factors including sex. The most commonly used measure of life expectancy is at birth (LEB), which can be defined in two ways: while cohort LEB is the mean length of life of an actual birth cohort (all individuals born a given year) and can be computed only for cohorts born many decades ago, so that all their members died, period LEB is the mean length of life of a hypothetical cohort assumed to be exposed since birth until death of all their members to the mortality rates observed at a given year. National LEB figures reported by statistical national agencies and international organizations are indeed estimates of period LEB. In the Bronze Age and the Iron Age, LEB was 26 years; the 2010 world LEB was 67.2 years. For recent years, in Swaziland LEB is about 49, and in Japan, it is about 83. The combination of high infant mortality and deaths in young adulthood from accidents, epidemics, plagues, wars, and childbirth, particularly before modern medicine was widely available, significantly lowers LEB. But for those who survive early hazards, a life expectancy of 60 or 70 would not be uncommon. For example, a society with a LEB of 40 may have few people dying at precisely 40: most will die before 30 or very few after 55. In populations with high infant mortality rates, LEB is highly sensitive to the rate of death in the first few years of life. Because of this sensitivity to infant mortality, LEB can be subjected to gross misinterpretation, leading one to believe that a population with a low LEB will necessarily have a small proportion of older people. For example, in a hypothetical stationary population in which half the population dies before the age of five but everybody else dies at exactly 70 years old, LEB will be about 36, but about 25% of the population will be between the ages of 50 and 70. Another measure, such as life expectancy at age 5 (e5), can be used to exclude the effect of infant mortality to provide a simple measure of overall mortality rates other than in early childhood; in the hypothetical population above, life expectancy at 5 would be another 65. Aggregate population measures, such as the proportion of the population in various age groups, should also be used along individual-based measures like formal life expectancy when analyzing population structure and dynamics. Mathematically, life expectancy is the mean number of years of life remaining at a given age, assuming age-specific mortality rates remain at their most recently measured levels. It is denoted by , which means the mean number of subsequent years of life for someone now aged , according to a particular mortality experience. Longevity, maximum lifespan, and life expectancy are not synonyms. Life expectancy is defined statistically as the mean number of years remaining for an individual or a group of people at a given age. Longevity refers to the characteristics of the relatively long life span of some members of a population. Maximum lifespan is the age at death for the longest-lived individual of a species. Moreover, because life expectancy is an average, a particular person may die many years before or many years after the "expected" survival. The term "maximum life span" has a quite different meaning and is more related to longevity. Life expectancy is also used in plant or animal ecology; life tables (also known as actuarial tables). The term life expectancy may also be used in the context of manufactured objects, but the related term shelf life is used for consumer products, and the terms "mean time to breakdown" (MTTB) and "mean time between failures" (MTBF) are used in engineering..comment Life expectancy is a statistical measure of the average time an organism is expected to live, based on the year of their birth, their current age and other demographic factors including sex. The most commonly used measure of life expectancy is at birth (LEB), which can be defined in two ways: while cohort LEB is the mean length of life of an actual birth cohort (all individuals born a given year) and can be computed only for cohorts born many decades ago, so that all their members died, period LEB is the mean length of life of a hypothetical cohort assumed to be exposed since birth until death of all their members to the mortality rates observed at a given year..
2/3	==SS== The amount of time one is expected to live.
3/3	==SS== The amount of time something is expected to last.
===75	life story	6
1/6	==SS== A long detailed monologue to someone''I wish this guy would stop giving me his '''life story''' and just buy me a drink.'' 
2/6	==DB== Life Story.producer --07-06.length 4153.0.released 2000-03-07.nextAlbum The Black Rob Report.Life Story (album).Life Story is the critically acclaimed debut album by Black Rob, an American hip hop musician. it was released on March 7, 2000 by Bad Boy Records. The album boasts a wide range of guests, mostly fellow artists from Bad Boy Records. The album has been certified Platinum by the RIAA for selling 1,000,000 copies in the United States Of America on August 17, 2000..comment Life Story is the critically acclaimed debut album by Black Rob, an American hip hop musician. it was released on March 7, 2000 by Bad Boy Records. The album boasts a wide range of guests, mostly fellow artists from Bad Boy Records. The album has been certified Platinum by the RIAA for selling 1,000,000 copies in the United States Of America on August 17, 2000..
3/6	==DB== Life Story.producer Mick Jackson.runtime 5820.0.released 1987-09-14.Life Story (1987 film).Life Story (known as The Race for the Double Helix or Double Helix in the United States) is a 1987 TV film dramatisation of the discovery of the structure of DNA in 1953. The film was directed by Mick Jackson for the BBC's Horizon science series and won several prizes including the 1988 BAFTA TV Award as the Best Single Drama..comment Life Story (known as The Race for the Double Helix or Double Helix in the United States) is a 1987 TV film dramatisation of the discovery of the structure of DNA in 1953. The film was directed by Mick Jackson for the BBC's Horizon science series and won several prizes including the 1988 BAFTA TV Award as the Best Single Drama..
4/6	==DB== runtime 3600.0.showName Life Story.numEpisodes 6.company *.pictureFormat 576.firstAired 2014-10-23.lastAired 2014-11-27.Life Story (TV series).Life Story is a British natural-history television series with Mike Gunton, Rupert Barrington and Tom Hugh-Jones from the BBC Natural History Unit on the production team. The six-part series reveals the challenges faced by individual animals at different stages of their lives and was first broadcast on BBC One in 2014. The series is introduced and narrated by David Attenborough..comment Life Story is a British natural-history television series with Mike Gunton, Rupert Barrington and Tom Hugh-Jones from the BBC Natural History Unit on the production team. The six-part series reveals the challenges faced by individual animals at different stages of their lives and was first broadcast on BBC One in 2014. The series is introduced and narrated by David Attenborough..
5/6	==DB== Life Story Work.
6/6	==SS== An account of an individual's life
===76	master plan	8
1/8	==DB== Master Plan.Master Plan (film).Master Plan is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film directed by Kumar Mahadevan..comment Master Plan is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film directed by Kumar Mahadevan..
2/8	==SS== A small-scale graphic outline that shows all the major elements of a project.
3/8	==DB== The Master Plan.producer Charles Leeds.screenplay Cy Endfield.The Master Plan (film).The Master Plan is a 1955 British drama film directed by Cy Endfield and starring Norman Wooland, Tilda Thamar and real-life war hero Wayne Morris. It is set at the headquarters of NATO. It is based on a teleplay Operation North Star by Harald Bratt..comment The Master Plan is a 1955 British drama film directed by Cy Endfield and starring Norman Wooland, Tilda Thamar and real-life war hero Wayne Morris. It is set at the headquarters of NATO. It is based on a teleplay Operation North Star by Harald Bratt..
4/8	==DB== title The Master Plan.season 2.airdate 2010-05-13.episode 23.guests *Alison Becker as Shauna Malwae-Tweep *April Marie Eden as Trish Ianetta *Andy Forrest as Kyle *Rob Lowe as Chris Traeger *Natalie Morales as Lucy *Jim O'Heir as Jerry Gergich *Retta as Donna Meagle *Phil Reeves as Paul Iaresco *Ralph Richeson as Ghoulish Man *Ben Schwartz as Jean-Ralphio Saperstein *Adam Scott as Ben Wyatt.The Master Plan (Parks and Recreation)."The Master Plan" is the 23rd and penultimate episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the 29th overall episode of the series. It originally aired on NBC in the United States on May 13, 2010. In the episode, Pawnee's major budget problems result in state auditors (Adam Scott and Rob Lowe) arriving to make major cuts, much to Leslie's horror and Ron's delight. Meanwhile, Andy contemplates asking April to be his girlfriend, and Tom seeks a new girlfriend. The episode was directed by Dean Holland and written by series co-creator Michael Schur. "The Master Plan" featured the first series appearances by Scott and Lowe, who became permanent cast members as characters Ben Wyatt and Chris Traeger. The episode also introduced Natalie Morales as Lucy, Tom's new girlfriend, and featured guest appearances by Ralph Richeson as "the ghoulish man" and regular series guests Ben Schwartz, April Marie Eden and Alison Becker. The idea of Pawnee's governmental problems were inspired by news reports at the time of a number of states shutting down schools, parks and other services due to the global recession. "The Master Plan" marked the end of the romantic relationship between Ann (Rashida Jones) and Mark (Paul Schneider), which allowed for the eventual departure of Schneider from the series. A subplot featuring romantic elements between Ann and Chris was a late addition to the script to better connect Lowe to the cast. This episode features six characters (five main characters) meeting their eventual spouses for the first time. Ann and Chris meet, Leslie and Ben meet and Tom and Lucy meet. According to Nielsen Media Research, "The Master Plan" was seen by 4.28 million household viewers, a five percent increase in viewership compared to the previous episode, "Telethon". The episode received generally positive reviews, with several commentators praising the addition of Scott and Lowe to the cast, although some said Scott had more long-term potential as a character than Lowe. The episode is widely considered a turning point in the series. "The Master Plan" and the rest of the second season of Parks and Recreation was released on DVD in the United States on November 30, 2010, which included an extended 30-minute "producer's cut" of the episode..comment "The Master Plan" is the 23rd and penultimate episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the 29th overall episode of the series. It originally aired on NBC in the United States on May 13, 2010. In the episode, Pawnee's major budget problems result in state auditors (Adam Scott and Rob Lowe) arriving to make major cuts, much to Leslie's horror and Ron's delight. Meanwhile, Andy contemplates asking April to be his girlfriend, and Tom seeks a new girlfriend..
5/8	==DB== The Master Plan (Dream Warriors album).
6/8	==DB== Master Plan.length 3089.0.Master Plan (Dave Weckl album).Master Plan is a 1990 studio album by drummer Dave Weckl..comment Master Plan is a 1990 studio album by drummer Dave Weckl..
7/8	==DB== California Master Plan for Higher Education.The California Master Plan for Higher Education of 1960 was developed by a survey team appointed by the UC Regents and the State Board of Education during the administration of Governor Pat Brown. Clark Kerr, then the President of UC, was a key figure in its development. The Plan set up a coherent system for postsecondary education which defined specific roles for the already-existing University of California (UC), the California State College (CSC) system of senior colleges, now California State University (CSU), and the California Community Colleges system (CCC). The Master Plan also proposed a statutory framework for its implementation, which was signed into law by Governor Brown on April 27, 1960. The statute actually implementing the Master Plan is formally titled the Donahoe Higher Education Act (now located at Part 40 of Division 3 of Title 3 of the California Education Code), to honor the memory of Assemblywoman Dorothy Donahoe of Bakersfield. Donahoe had authored the legislative resolution which eventually resulted in the study that created the Master Plan, and was one of its foremost advocates. However, she died on April 4, 1960, and did not live to see the Plan's recommendations signed into law..comment The California Master Plan for Higher Education of 1960 was developed by a survey team appointed by the UC Regents and the State Board of Education during the administration of Governor Pat Brown. Clark Kerr, then the President of UC, was a key figure in its development. The Plan set up a coherent system for postsecondary education which defined specific roles for the already-existing University of California (UC), the California State College (CSC) system of senior colleges, now California State University (CSU), and the California Community Colleges system (CCC)..
8/8	==SS== A comprehensive document that sets out an overall strategy.
===77	media player	5
1/5	==DB== Media player (software).A media player is a computer program for playing multimedia files like videos movies and music. Media players display standard media control icons known from physical devices such as tape recorders and CD players, such as play (  ), pause (  ), fastforward, backforward, and stop (  ) buttons. Mainstream operating systems have at least one built-in media player. For example, Windows comes with Windows Media Player while OS X comes with QuickTime Player. Linux distributions may also come with a media players, such as SMPlayer, Amarok, Audacious, Banshee, MPlayer, Rhythmbox, Totem, VLC, and xine..comment A media player is a computer program for playing multimedia files like videos movies and music. Media players display standard media control icons known from physical devices such as tape recorders and CD players, such as play (  ), pause (  ), fastforward, backforward, and stop (  ) buttons..
2/5	==SS== a software application for the playback of audio and video files.
3/5	==DB== Portable media player.A portable media player (PMP) or digital audio player (DAP) is a portable consumer electronics device capable of storing and playing digital media such as audio, images, and video files. The data is typically stored on a CD, DVD, flash memory, microdrive, or hard drive. Most portable media players are equipped with a 3.5 mm headphone jack, which users can plug headphones into, or connect to a boombox or hifi system. In contrast, analog portable audio players play music from non-digital media that use analog signal storage, such as cassette tapes or vinyl records. Often mobile digital audio players are marketed and sold as "portable MP3 players", even if they also support other file formats and media types. Increasing sales of smartphones and tablet computers have led to a decline in sales of portable media players, leading to some devices being phased out, though flagship devices like the Apple iPod and Sony Walkman are still in production. Portable DVD players are still manufactured by brands across the world. This article focuses on portable devices that have the main function of playing media..comment A portable media player (PMP) or digital audio player (DAP) is a portable consumer electronics device capable of storing and playing digital media such as audio, images, and video files. The data is typically stored on a CD, DVD, flash memory, microdrive, or hard drive. Most portable media players are equipped with a 3.5 mm headphone jack, which users can plug headphones into, or connect to a boombox or hifi system. In contrast, analog portable audio players play music from non-digital media that use analog signal storage, such as cassette tapes or vinyl records..
4/5	==DB== Digital media player.Digital media players (DMP) are home entertainment consumer electronics devices first introduced in 2000 that can connect to a home network to stream digital media (such as digital music, digital photos, or digital video). They should not be confused with portable media players (also known as mobile media players), which are portable consumer electronics device capable of storing and playing digital media such as audio, images, and video files. Digital media players can stream files from a personal computer and network-attached storage or from another networked media server to play back the media on a television or video projector display for home cinema. Most digital media players utilize a 10-foot user interface, and many are navigated via a remote control. Some digital media players also have Smart TV features, such as allowing users to stream media such as digital versions of movies and TV shows from the Internet or streaming services and online media sites like YouTube, Vimeo, Netflix, Hulu, Spotify, and Amazon.com. Some other digital media players allow users to play back locally stored content from an attached USB hard disk or directly connect a Hard disk drive externally, or internally in the digital media player via a Serial ATA (SATA) port. These types of digital media player are sometimes referred to as HD Media Players or HDD Media Player if they can support a Hard Disk Drive installed inside. In the 2010s, the main difference between most "digital media players" and many modern set-top boxes (also known a set-top units) is that the set-top boxes generally contain at least one TV-tuner and are as such capable of receiving broadcasting signal (cable television, satellite television, and over-the-air television, or IPTV)..comment Digital media players (DMP) are home entertainment consumer electronics devices first introduced in 2000 that can connect to a home network to stream digital media (such as digital music, digital photos, or digital video). They should not be confused with portable media players (also known as mobile media players), which are portable consumer electronics device capable of storing and playing digital media such as audio, images, and video files. Digital media players can stream files from a personal computer and network-attached storage or from another networked media server to play back the media on a television or video projector display for home cinema. Most digital media players utilize a 10-foot user interface, and many are navigated via a remote control..
5/5	==SS== a hardware device that performs the same function, often also acting as a data storage device
===78	melting point	3
1/3	==SS== A climactic situation where things go wrong or become dangerous; a crisis or meltdown.
2/3	==DB== Melting point.The melting point (or, rarely, liquefaction point) of a solid is the temperature at which it changes state from solid to liquid at atmospheric pressure. At the melting point the solid and liquid phase exist in equilibrium. The melting point of a substance depends on pressure and is usually specified at standard pressure. When considered as the temperature of the reverse change from liquid to solid, it is referred to as the freezing point or crystallization point. Because of the ability of some substances to supercool, the freezing point is not considered as a characteristic property of a substance. When the "characteristic freezing point" of a substance is determined, in fact the actual methodology is almost always "the principle of observing the disappearance rather than the formation of ice", that is, the ..comment The melting point (or, rarely, liquefaction point) of a solid is the temperature at which it changes state from solid to liquid at atmospheric pressure. At the melting point the solid and liquid phase exist in equilibrium. The melting point of a substance depends on pressure and is usually specified at standard pressure. When considered as the temperature of the reverse change from liquid to solid, it is referred to as the freezing point or crystallization point. Because of the ability of some substances to supercool, the freezing point is not considered as a characteristic property of a substance. When the "characteristic freezing point" of a substance is determined, in fact the actual methodology is almost always "the principle of observing the disappearance rather than the formation of .
3/3	==SS== The temperature at which the solid and liquid phases of a substance are in equilibrium; it is relatively insensitive to changes in pressure
===79	morning glory	25
1/25	==DB== Morning Glory cloud.The Morning Glory cloud is a rare meteorological phenomenon consisting of a low-level atmospheric solitary wave and associated cloud, occasionally observed in different locations around the world. The wave often occurs as an amplitude-ordered series of waves forming bands of roll clouds. The southern part of the Gulf of Carpentaria in Northern Australia is the only known location where it can be predicted and observed on a more or less regular basis due to the configuration of land and sea in the area..comment The Morning Glory cloud is a rare meteorological phenomenon consisting of a low-level atmospheric solitary wave and associated cloud, occasionally observed in different locations around the world. The wave often occurs as an amplitude-ordered series of waves forming bands of roll clouds. The southern part of the Gulf of Carpentaria in Northern Australia is the only known location where it can be predicted and observed on a more or less regular basis due to the configuration of land and sea in the area..
2/25	==DB== officialName Morning Glory, Texas.areaTotalKm 2.8.elevationM 1107.populationTotal 651.postalCode 79836.utcOffset -7.utcOffsetDst -6.areaLandKm 2.8.areaWaterKm 0.elevationFt 3632.Morning Glory, Texas.Morning Glory is a census-designated place (CDP) in El Paso County, Texas, United States. The population was 651 at the 2010 census. It is part of the El Paso Metropolitan Statistical Area. The ZIP Code encompassing the CDP area is 79836..comment Morning Glory is a census-designated place (CDP) in El Paso County, Texas, United States. The population was 651 at the 2010 census. It is part of the El Paso Metropolitan Statistical Area. The ZIP Code encompassing the CDP area is 79836..
3/25	==DB== showName Morning Glory.firstAired 2006-01-14.lastAired 2006-01-28.followedBy Freshly Squeezed.precededBy RI:SE.Morning Glory (TV programme).Morning Glory was the fourth attempt at breakfast television live programming on Channel 4. It was presented by Dermot O'Leary every weekday morning from 8.30 - 9 am. Due to low ratings, despite having Big Brother's Little Breakfast as a lead in show, it was not renewed..comment Morning Glory was the fourth attempt at breakfast television live programming on Channel 4. It was presented by Dermot O'Leary every weekday morning from 8.30 - 9 am. Due to low ratings, despite having Big Brother's Little Breakfast as a lead in show, it was not renewed..
4/25	==DB== Morning Glory (Tim Buckley song).
5/25	==DB== Morning Glory.length 217.0.released 2010-01-11.lastSingle "Joy/Happy Ending".nextSingle "Is This Love?".Morning Glory (Bonnie Pink song)."Morning Glory" is Bonnie Pink's second digital single. The single was released under the Warner Music Japan label on January 11, 2010..comment "Morning Glory" is Bonnie Pink's second digital single. The single was released under the Warner Music Japan label on January 11, 2010..
6/25	==DB== Morning Glory Pool.Morning Glory Pool is a hot spring in the Upper Geyser Basin of Yellowstone National Park in the United States..comment Morning Glory Pool is a hot spring in the Upper Geyser Basin of Yellowstone National Park in the United States..
7/25	==DB== Morning Glory.producer Tracks 1-5: Bernie Andrews.length 1885.0.released 1994-07-28.lastAlbum Peel Sessions.nextAlbum Live at the Troubadour 1969.recorded --04-01.Morning Glory (Tim Buckley album).Morning Glory is a compilation album by Tim Buckley. The album is a compilation of the Buckley's 1968 John Peel session (see Peel Sessions) and two further tracks ("Honeyman" and Fred Neil's "Dolphins") taken from the May 21, 1974 performance for, BBC TV music series, The Old Grey Whistle Test. The performance of "Dolphins" is also available as a video on 2007 DVD release Tim Buckley: My Fleeting House. Morning Glory should not be confused with 2001 release Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology..comment Morning Glory is a compilation album by Tim Buckley. The album is a compilation of the Buckley's 1968 John Peel session (see Peel Sessions) and two further tracks ("Honeyman" and Fred Neil's "Dolphins") taken from the May 21, 1974 performance for, BBC TV music series, The Old Grey Whistle Test. The performance of "Dolphins" is also available as a video on 2007 DVD release Tim Buckley: My Fleeting House. Morning Glory should not be confused with 2001 release Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology..
8/25	==DB== Morning Glory (Eureka Seven episode).
9/25	==DB== Morning glory disc anomaly.The morning glory disc anomaly (MGDA) is a congenital deformity resulting from failure of the optic nerve to completely form in utero. The term was coined in 1970 by Kindler, noting a resemblance of the malformed optic nerve to the morning glory flower. The condition is usually unilateral. On fundoscopic examination, there are three principal findings comprising the anomaly: 1.   * an enlarged, funnel-shaped excavation in optic disc 2.   * an annulus or ring of chorioretinal pigmentary changes surrounding the optic disc excavation 3.   * a central glial tuft overlying the optic disc.comment The morning glory disc anomaly (MGDA) is a congenital deformity resulting from failure of the optic nerve to completely form in utero. The term was coined in 1970 by Kindler, noting a resemblance of the malformed optic nerve to the morning glory flower. The condition is usually unilateral. On fundoscopic examination, there are three principal findings comprising the anomaly: 1.   * an enlarged, funnel-shaped excavation in optic disc 2.   * an annulus or ring of chorioretinal pigmentary changes surrounding the optic disc excavation 3.   * a central glial tuft overlying the optic disc.
10/25	==DB== Morning Glory.producer Owen Morris, Noel Gallagher.length 303.0.released 1995-09-15.bSide "Live Forever".bSide "It's Better People".bSide "Rockin' Chair".lastSingle "Roll with It".nextSingle "Wonderwall".Morning Glory (Oasis song)."Morning Glory" is a song by the English rock band Oasis, written by Noel Gallagher, and released on the band's second album (What's the Story) Morning Glory? in September 1995. It was given an Australian-only single release and was also a radio single in the United States..comment "Morning Glory" is a song by the English rock band Oasis, written by Noel Gallagher, and released on the band's second album (What's the Story) Morning Glory? in September 1995. It was given an Australian-only single release and was also a radio single in the United States..
11/25	==DB== Morning Glory.utcOffset -5.utcOffsetDst -4.elevationFt 771.Morning Glory, Kentucky.Morning Glory is an unincorporated community located in Nicholas County, Kentucky, United States. Its post office  closed in 1921..comment Morning Glory is an unincorporated community located in Nicholas County, Kentucky, United States. Its post office  closed in 1921..
12/25	==DB== Morning glory.Morning glory (also written as morning-glory) is the common name for over 1,000 species of flowering plants in the family Convolvulaceae, whose current taxonomy and systematics are in flux. Morning glory species belong to many genera, some of which are:  *  Calystegia  *  Convolvulus  *  Ipomoea  *  Merremia  *  Rivea  *  Astripomoea  *  Operculina  *  Stictocardia  *  Argyreia  *  Lepistemon.comment Morning glory (also written as morning-glory) is the common name for over 1,000 species of flowering plants in the family Convolvulaceae, whose current taxonomy and systematics are in flux. Morning glory species belong to many genera, some of which are:  *  Calystegia  *  Convolvulus  *  Ipomoea  *  Merremia  *  Rivea  *  Astripomoea  *  Operculina  *  Stictocardia  *  Argyreia  *  Lepistemon.
13/25	==SS== Several members of the Convolvulaceae family; climbing plants with trumpet shaped flowers.
14/25	==DB== shipType Aframax oil tanker.shipName MV Morning Glory.shipLength 179.9m.shipBeam 28.1m.shipOwner National Oil Corporation, Libya or other unknown.MV Morning Glory.MV Morning Glory, formerly Gulf Glory, Bandar Ayu, and Pergiwati, is an 1993-built Aframax crude oil tanker. Considered a stateless vessel with stolen cargo the tanker was seized by United States Special Forces southeast of Cyprus in the eastern Mediterranean on March 16, 2014. The intervention occurred upon the request of the Libyan and Cypriot governments. As Gulf Glory the vessel had previously sailed under Liberian registry. In 2011 the Morning Glory was repaired at the CIC Changxing Shipyard, China..comment MV Morning Glory, formerly Gulf Glory, Bandar Ayu, and Pergiwati, is an 1993-built Aframax crude oil tanker. Considered a stateless vessel with stolen cargo the tanker was seized by United States Special Forces southeast of Cyprus in the eastern Mediterranean on March 16, 2014. The intervention occurred upon the request of the Libyan and Cypriot governments. As Gulf Glory the vessel had previously sailed under Liberian registry. In 2011 the Morning Glory was repaired at the CIC Changxing Shipyard, China..
15/25	==SS== A rolling cloud in the shape of a cylinder.
16/25	==DB== Morning Glory.yearsActive 2001.background group_or_band.origin New York, New York City.Revolution Rock, Blacknoise, Fat Wreck.alias M. Glory.Morning Glory (band).Morning Glory is an American punk band from New York. It was formed originally as a solo project by Ezra Kire, after the band Choking Victim disbanded in 1999. They were the second band to use this name, the first being a 1960s rock band from San Francisco, who released an LP entitled "Two Suns Worth" and singles on Fontana Records in 1967..comment Morning Glory is an American punk band from New York. It was formed originally as a solo project by Ezra Kire, after the band Choking Victim disbanded in 1999. They were the second band to use this name, the first being a 1960s rock band from San Francisco, who released an LP entitled "Two Suns Worth" and singles on Fontana Records in 1967..
17/25	==SS== An involuntary erection present on waking.
18/25	==DB== Morning Glory?.producer *.length 3006.0.length 4919.0.released 1995-10-02.released 1996-11-04.lastAlbum Definitely Maybe.nextAlbum Be Here Now.(What's the Story) Morning Glory?.(What's the Story) Morning Glory? is the second studio album by the English rock band Oasis, released on 2 October 1995 by Creation Records. It was produced by Owen Morris and the group's guitarist Noel Gallagher. The structure and arrangement style of the album were a significant departure from the group's previous record Definitely Maybe. Gallagher's compositions were more focused in balladry and placed more emphasis on huge choruses, with the string arrangements and more varied instrumentation on the record contrasting with the rawness of the group's debut album. (What's the Story) Morning Glory? was the group's first album with drummer Alan White, who replaced Tony McCarroll. The record propelled Oasis from being a crossover indie act to a worldwide rock phenomenon, and according to various critics, was a significant record in the timeline of British indie music. The band's most commercially successful release, (What's the Story) Morning Glory? sold a record-breaking 347,000 copies in its first week on sale, spent 10 weeks at number one on the UK Albums Chart, and reached number four in the US Billboard 200. Singles from the album were successful in Britain, America and Australia: "Some Might Say" and "Don't Look Back in Anger" reached number one in the UK; "Champagne Supernova" and "Wonderwall" reached number one on the US Modern Rock Tracks chart; and "Wonderwall" topped the Australian and New Zealand singles charts. Although a commercial smash, the record received initially lukewarm reviews from mainstream music critics; many contemporary reviewers deemed it inferior to Definitely Maybe, with the songwriting and production particular points of criticism. In the ensuing years, however, critical opinion towards the album reversed, and it is now generally considered a seminal record of both the Britpop era, and the 1990s in general. Over several months in 1995 and 1996, the band performed an extensive world tour in support of the album. The most notable of the concerts were two Knebworth House performances in August to a combined crowd of 250,000 people. At the 1996 Brit Awards, the album won Best British Album. At the 2010 Brit Awards, (What's the Story) Morning Glory? was named the greatest British album since 1980. It has sold over 22 million copies worldwide, and appears on several lists of the greatest albums in rock music..comment (What's the Story) Morning Glory? is the second studio album by the English rock band Oasis, released on 2 October 1995 by Creation Records. It was produced by Owen Morris and the group's guitarist Noel Gallagher. The structure and arrangement style of the album were a significant departure from the group's previous record Definitely Maybe. Gallagher's compositions were more focused in balladry and placed more emphasis on huge choruses, with the string arrangements and more varied instrumentation on the record contrasting with the rawness of the group's debut album. (What's the Story) Morning Glory? was the group's first album with drummer Alan White, who replaced Tony McCarroll..
19/25	==DB== Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology.length 4633.0.length 4400.0.lastAlbum Live at the Folklore Center 1967.nextAlbum The Dream Belongs to Me: Rare and Unreleased 1968 - 1973.Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology.Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology is a compilation album by Tim Buckley. The two cds give an overview of Tim Buckley's career. The compilation contains material from the many phases of Buckley's career, and includes a previously unreleased version of "Song to the Siren", as performed in 1968 on The Monkees. The photo used for the cover art was taken by Linda Eastman, more commonly known as Linda McCartney..comment Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology is a compilation album by Tim Buckley. The two cds give an overview of Tim Buckley's career. The compilation contains material from the many phases of Buckley's career, and includes a previously unreleased version of "Song to the Siren", as performed in 1968 on The Monkees. The photo used for the cover art was taken by Linda Eastman, more commonly known as Linda McCartney..
20/25	==DB== Morning Glory (singles box).
21/25	==DB== Morning Glory.distributor RKO Radio Pictures.runtime 4200.0.starring Adolphe Menjou.starring Douglas Fairbanks, Jr..budget 239000.0.gross 582000.0.Morning Glory (1933 film).Morning Glory is a 1933 Pre-Code American drama film which tells the story of an eager would-be actress and her journey to stardom, and what she loses as a result. The picture stars Katharine Hepburn, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., and Adolphe Menjou, was adapted by Howard J. Green from a then not yet stage produced play with the same name by Zoë Akins, and was directed by Lowell Sherman. Hepburn won her first Academy Award for Best Actress for this movie. Morning Glory was remade in 1958 under the title Stage Struck..comment Morning Glory is a 1933 Pre-Code American drama film which tells the story of an eager would-be actress and her journey to stardom, and what she loses as a result. The picture stars Katharine Hepburn, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., and Adolphe Menjou, was adapted by Howard J. Green from a then not yet stage produced play with the same name by Zoë Akins, and was directed by Lowell Sherman. Hepburn won her first Academy Award for Best Actress for this movie. Morning Glory was remade in 1958 under the title Stage Struck..
22/25	==DB== 
23/25	==DB== Morning Glory (pony).
24/25	==DB== Morning Glory.runtime 6420.0.budget 4.0E7.gross 6.0E7.Morning Glory (2010 film).Morning Glory is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Roger Michell and written by Aline Brosh McKenna. It stars Rachel McAdams, Harrison Ford and Diane Keaton, with Patrick Wilson, John Pankow and Jeff Goldblum. The plot revolves around young and devoted morning television producer Becky Fuller (McAdams), who is hired as an executive producer on the long-running morning show DayBreak, at a once-prominent but currently failing station in New York City. Eager to keep the show on air, she recruits a former news journalist and anchor (Ford) who disapproves of co-hosting a show that does not deal with real news stories. After some delays, the film was released in the United States on November 10, 2010, and abroad in 2011. This marked the first time that Bad Robot Productions produced a comedy film. Morning Glory received mixed reviews and had moderate success at the box office, grossing $60 million worldwide. The theme song of the film is "Strip Me" by Natasha Bedingfield..comment Morning Glory is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Roger Michell and written by Aline Brosh McKenna. It stars Rachel McAdams, Harrison Ford and Diane Keaton, with Patrick Wilson, John Pankow and Jeff Goldblum. The plot revolves around young and devoted morning television producer Becky Fuller (McAdams), who is hired as an executive producer on the long-running morning show DayBreak, at a once-prominent but currently failing station in New York City. Eager to keep the show on air, she recruits a former news journalist and anchor (Ford) who disapproves of co-hosting a show that does not deal with real news stories..
25/25	==DB== Morning Glory Zell-Ravenheart.birthDate 1948-05-27.birthPlace Long Beach, California, U.S..deathDate 2014-05-13.deathPlace Cotati, California, U.S..religion Church of All Worlds.birthName Diana Moore.knownFor Polyamory, neopagan community leadership.residence Sonoma County, California, U.S..otherNames Morning Glory Ferns.otherNames Morning Glory Zell.otherNames Morning G'Zell.Morning Glory Zell-Ravenheart.Morning Glory Zell-Ravenheart (May 27, 1948 – May 13, 2014), born as Diana Moore, subsequently known as Morning Glory Ferns, Morning Glory Zell and briefly Morning G'Zell, was a Neopagan community leader, author, lecturer, and priestess of the Church of All Worlds. An advocate of polyamory, she is credited with coining the word. With her husband Oberon Zell-Ravenheart she designed deity images..comment Morning Glory Zell-Ravenheart (May 27, 1948 – May 13, 2014), born as Diana Moore, subsequently known as Morning Glory Ferns, Morning Glory Zell and briefly Morning G'Zell, was a Neopagan community leader, author, lecturer, and priestess of the Church of All Worlds. An advocate of polyamory, she is credited with coining the word. With her husband Oberon Zell-Ravenheart she designed deity images..
===80	mother tongue	10
1/10	==DB== Mother Tongue Records.Mother Tongue Records is an independent record label formed in the early 1990s that featured the 12 piece glam-orchestral Britpop band My Life Story, the label was resurrected in the early 2000s with The Barbs, Nick Oliveri, Boy Genius and The Long Weekend among its acts. The label continues to release material and is based in Camden, North London..comment Mother Tongue Records is an independent record label formed in the early 1990s that featured the 12 piece glam-orchestral Britpop band My Life Story, the label was resurrected in the early 2000s with The Barbs, Nick Oliveri, Boy Genius and The Long Weekend among its acts. The label continues to release material and is based in Camden, North London..
2/10	==DB== 
3/10	==DB== Mother tongue.
4/10	==SS== The language spoken by one's mother, when it differs from that spoken by one's father.
5/10	==DB== Mother Tongue (journal).Mother Tongue is an annual academic journal published by the Association for the Study of Language in Prehistory (ASLIP) that has been published since 1995. Its goal is to encourage international and interdisciplinary information sharing, discussion, and debate among geneticists, paleoanthropologists, archaeologists, and historical linguists on questions relating to the origin of language and ancestral human spoken languages. This includes, but is not limited to, discussion of linguistic macrofamily hypotheses..comment Mother Tongue is an annual academic journal published by the Association for the Study of Language in Prehistory (ASLIP) that has been published since 1995. Its goal is to encourage international and interdisciplinary information sharing, discussion, and debate among geneticists, paleoanthropologists, archaeologists, and historical linguists on questions relating to the origin of language and ancestral human spoken languages. This includes, but is not limited to, discussion of linguistic macrofamily hypotheses..
6/10	==SS== The language spoken by one's ancestors.
7/10	==DB== The Mother Tongue (book).
8/10	==SS== The language one first learned; the language one grew up with; one's native language.
9/10	==SS== Informal speech, as opposed to educated language.
10/10	==DB== First language.A first language (also native language, father tongue/mother tongue, arterial language, or L1) is the language or are the languages a person has been exposed to from birth or within the critical period, or that a person speaks the best and so is often the basis for sociolinguistic identity. In some countries, the terms native language or mother tongue refer to the language of one's ethnic group rather than one's first language. Children brought up speaking more than one language can have more than one native language, and be bilingual. By contrast, a second language is any language that one speaks other than one's first language..comment A first language (also native language, father tongue/mother tongue, arterial language, or L1) is the language or are the languages a person has been exposed to from birth or within the critical period, or that a person speaks the best and so is often the basis for sociolinguistic identity. In some countries, the terms native language or mother tongue refer to the language of one's ethnic group rather than one's first language. Children brought up speaking more than one language can have more than one native language, and be bilingual..
===81	mountain bike	3
1/3	==SS== A bicycle specially designed for off-road riding, typically with straight, flat handlebars, a heavier frame than road bikes, higher ground clearance, and wider tires, sometimes with knobs on them for greater traction.
2/3	==DB== Mountain bike.A mountain bike or mountain bicycle (abbreviated Mtn Bike, MTB; or ATB, for all-terrain bicycle) is a bicycle designed for off-road cycling. Mountain bikes share similarities with other bikes, but incorporate features designed to enhance durability and performance in rough terrain. These typically include suspension on the frame and fork, large knobby tires, more durable heavy duty wheels, more powerful brakes, and lower gear ratios needed for steep grades with poor traction. Mountain bikes are typically ridden on mountain trails, fire roads, logging roads, single tracks and other unpaved environments. These types of terrain commonly include rocks, washouts, ruts, loose sand, loose gravel, roots, and steep grades (both inclines and declines). Mountain bikes are built to handle this terrain and the obstacles that are found in it like logs, vertical drop offs, and smaller boulders. Since the development of the sport in the 1970s many new subtypes of mountain biking have developed, such as cross-country (XC) biking, all-day endurance biking, Freeride-biking, downhill mountain biking, and a variety of track and slalom competitions. Each of these place different demands on the bike requiring different designs for optimal performance. MTB development has included an increase in suspension, typically up to 8" or 203mm, and gearing, up to 30 speeds, to facilitate both climbing and rapid descents. However, advancements in sprocket design has recently led to the "1x (pronounced one by)" trend, simplifying the gearing to one Chainring/Sprocket in the front and multiple sprockets on the rear of the drive train, more commonly, 9, 10 or 11 ..comment A mountain bike or mountain bicycle (abbreviated Mtn Bike, MTB; or ATB, for all-terrain bicycle) is a bicycle designed for off-road cycling. Mountain bikes share similarities with other bikes, but incorporate features designed to enhance durability and performance in rough terrain. These typically include suspension on the frame and fork, large knobby tires, more durable heavy duty wheels, more powerful brakes, and lower gear ratios needed for steep grades with poor traction..
3/3	==SS== mountain bike (bicycle and sport)
===82	mountain range	3
1/3	==SS== A series of adjoining mountains, often in a line.
2/3	==SS== A series of lines of mountains.''We hiked through the Andes '''mountain range'''.'' 
3/3	==DB== Mountain range.A mountain range (also mountain barrier, belt, or system) is a geographic area containing numerous geologically related mountains. A mountain system or system of mountain ranges, sometimes is used to combine several geological features that are geographically (regionally) related. On Earth, most significant mountain ranges are the result of plate tectonics, though mountain ranges are formed by a range of processes, are found on many planetary mass objects in the Solar System and are likely a feature of most terrestrial planets. Mountain ranges are usually segmented by highlands or mountain passes and valleys. Individual mountains within the same mountain range do not necessarily have the same geologic structure or petrology. They may be a mix of different orogenic expressions and terranes, for example thrust sheets, uplifted blocks, fold mountains, and volcanic landforms resulting in a variety of rock types..comment A mountain range (also mountain barrier, belt, or system) is a geographic area containing numerous geologically related mountains. A mountain system or system of mountain ranges, sometimes is used to combine several geological features that are geographically (regionally) related. On Earth, most significant mountain ranges are the result of plate tectonics, though mountain ranges are formed by a range of processes, are found on many planetary mass objects in the Solar System and are likely a feature of most terrestrial planets..
===83	navy blue	3
1/3	==SS== A dark blue color.{{color panel|000080}} 
2/3	==SS== Having a navy blue color.
3/3	==DB== title Space Cadet.title Navy blue.title Navy Blue.title Indigo Dye.title Purple Navy.title Persian Indigo.hex Infinity.hex 32127.0.hex 1.hex 80.hex 91.hex 1974.r 0.r 9.r 25.r 29.r 50.r 78.g 0.g 18.g 31.g 41.g 81.g 116.b 81.b 122.b 128.b 146.b 210.c 39.c 64.c 88.c 96.c 100.m 37.m 45.m 49.m 80.m 98.m 100.y 0.y 14.y 16.k 0.k 11.k 17.k 18.k 50.k 68.v 32.v 48.v 50.v 57.v 82.h 210.h 226.h 230.h 236.h 240.h 258.s 39.s 64.s 85.s 88.s 94.s 100.Navy blue.Navy blue is a very dark shade of the color blue. Navy blue got its name from the dark blue (contrasted with white) worn by officers in the British Royal Navy since 1748 and subsequently adopted by other navies around the world. When this color name, taken from the usual color of the uniforms of sailors, originally came into use in the early 19th century, it was initially called marine blue, but the name of the color soon changed to navy blue. An early use of navy blue as a color name in English was in 1840 though the Oxford English Dictionary has a citation from 1813. In practice, actual blue uniforms of the United States Navy and other navies have become outright black in color, in order to combat fading..comment Navy blue is a very dark shade of the color blue. Navy blue got its name from the dark blue (contrasted with white) worn by officers in the British Royal Navy since 1748 and subsequently adopted by other navies around the world. When this color name, taken from the usual color of the uniforms of sailors, originally came into use in the early 19th century, it was initially called marine blue, but the name of the color soon changed to navy blue. An early use of navy blue as a color name in English was in 1840 though the Oxford English Dictionary has a citation from 1813..
===84	neural network	3
1/3	==SS== A real or virtual computer system designed to emulate the brain in its ability to "learn" to assess imprecise data.
2/3	==DB== Artificial neural network.Neural Networks (also referred to as connectionist systems) are a computational approach which is based on a large collection of neural units loosely modeling the way the brain solves problems with large clusters of biological neurons connected by axons. Each neural unit is connected with many others, and links can be enforcing or inhibitory in their effect on the activation state of connected neural units. Each individual neural unit may have a summation function which combines the values of all its inputs together. There may be a threshold function or limiting function on each connection and on the unit itself such that it must surpass it before it can propagate to other neurons. These systems are self-learning and trained rather than explicitly programmed and excel in areas where the solution or feature detection is difficult to express in a traditional computer program. Neural networks typically consist of multiple layers or a cube design, and the signal path traverses from front to back. Back propagation is where the forward stimulation is used to reset weights on the "front" neural units and this is sometimes done in combination with training where the correct result is known. More modern networks are a bit more free flowing in terms of stimulation and inhibition with connections interacting in a much more chaotic and complex fashion. Dynamic neural networks are the most advanced in that they dynamically can based on rules form new connections and even new neural units while disabling others. The goal of the neural network is to solve problems in the same way that the human brain would, although several neural networks are much more abstract. Modern neural network projects typically work with a few thousand to a few million neural units and millions of connections, which is still several orders of magnitude less complex than the human brain and closer to the computing power of a worm. New brain research often stimulates new patterns in neural networks. One new approach is using connections which span much further and link processing layers rather than always being localized to adjacent neurons. Other research being explored with the different types of signal over time that axons propagate which is more complex than simply on or off. Neural networks are based on real numbers, with the value of the core and of the axon typically being a representation between 0.0 and 1. An interesting facet of these systems is that they are unpredictable in their success with self learning. After training some become great problem solvers and others don't perform as well. In order to train them several thousand cycles of interaction typically occur. Like other machine learning methods – systems that learn from data – neural networks have been used to solve a wide variety of tasks, like computer vision and speech recognition, that are hard to solve using ordinary rule-based programming. Historically, the use of neural network models marked a directional shift in the late eighties from high-level (symbolic) artificial intelligence, characterized by expert systems with knowledge embodied in if-then rules, to low-level (sub-symbolic) machine learning, characterized by knowledge embodied in the parameters of a dynamical system..comment Neural Networks (also referred to as connectionist systems) are a computational approach which is based on a large collection of neural units loosely modeling the way the brain solves problems with large clusters of biological neurons connected by axons. Each neural unit is connected with many others, and links can be enforcing or inhibitory in their effect on the activation state of connected neural units. Each individual neural unit may have a summation function which combines the values of all its inputs together. There may be a threshold function or limiting function on each connection and on the unit itself such that it must surpass it before it can propagate to other neurons. These systems are self-learning and trained rather than explicitly programmed and excel in areas where the so.
3/3	==SS== Any network of neurons etc., that function together to achieve a common purpose.
===85	open source	4
1/4	==SS== Open-source software in general.''His contributions to '''open source''' are numerous.'' 
2/4	==SS== To make open-source.
3/4	==DB== Open-source software.(For a broader coverage related to this topic, see Open-source movement.) Open-source software (OSS) is computer software with its source code made available with a license in which the copyright holder provides the rights to study, change, and distribute the software to anyone and for any purpose. Open-source software may be developed in a collaborative public manner. Open-source software is the most prominent example of open-source development. The open-source model, or collaborative development from multiple independent sources, generates an increasingly more diverse scope of design perspective than any one company is capable of developing and sustaining long term. A 2008 report by the Standish Group states that adoption of open-source software models has resulted in savings of about $60 billion per year to consumers..comment (For a broader coverage related to this topic, see Open-source movement.) Open-source software (OSS) is computer software with its source code made available with a license in which the copyright holder provides the rights to study, change, and distribute the software to anyone and for any purpose. Open-source software may be developed in a collaborative public manner. Open-source software is the most prominent example of open-source development..
4/4	==SS== The practice of providing open-source code for a product.
===86	organized crime	3
1/3	==SS== A large criminal organization, or a group of such organizations, that deals in illegal goods and services.'''''Organized crime''' is largely responsible for the nation’s illicit drug trafficking.'' 
2/3	==SS== The crimes perpetrated by those organizations.'''''Organized crime''' has dramatically increased in our neighbourhood.'' 
3/3	==DB== Organized crime.Organized crime is a category of transnational, national, or local groupings of highly centralized enterprises run by criminals who intend to engage in illegal activity, most commonly for money and profit. Some criminal organizations, such as terrorist groups, are politically motivated. Sometimes criminal organizations force people to do business with them, such as when a gang extorts money from shopkeepers for so-called "protection". Gangs may become disciplined enough to be considered organized. A criminal organization or gang can also be referred to as a mafia, mob, or crime syndicate; the network, subculture and community of criminals may be referred to as the underworld. Other organizations—including states, militaries, police forces, and corporations—may sometimes use organized-crime methods to conduct their activities, but their powers derive from their status as formal social institutions. There is a tendency to distinguish organized crime from other forms of crime, such as white-collar crime, financial crimes, political crimes, war crime, state crimes, and treason. This distinction is not always apparent and academics continue to debate the matter. For example, in failed states that can no longer perform basic functions such as education, security, or governance (usually due to fractious violence or to extreme poverty), organised crime, governance and war sometimes complement each other. The term "Parliamentary Mafiocracy" has been used to describe democratic countries whose political, social and economic institutions come under the control of a few families and business oligarchs. In the United States, the Organized Crime Control Act (1970) defines organized crime as "[t]he unlawful activities of [...] a highly organized, disciplined association [...]". Criminal activity as a structured process is referred to as racketeering. In the UK, police estimate that organized crime involves up to 38,000 people operating in 6,000 various groups. Due to the escalating violence of Mexico's drug war, a report issued by the United States Department of Justice characterizes the Mexican drug cartels as the "greatest organized crime threat to the United States"..comment Organized crime is a category of transnational, national, or local groupings of highly centralized enterprises run by criminals who intend to engage in illegal activity, most commonly for money and profit. Some criminal organizations, such as terrorist groups, are politically motivated. Sometimes criminal organizations force people to do business with them, such as when a gang extorts money from shopkeepers for so-called "protection". Gangs may become disciplined enough to be considered organized. A criminal organization or gang can also be referred to as a mafia, mob, or crime syndicate; the network, subculture and community of criminals may be referred to as the underworld..
===87	pepper spray	3
1/3	==SS== A non-lethal chemical agent which is used in riot control and personal self-defense.''The man who survived mustard gas and '''pepper spray''' is now a seasoned veteran.'' 
2/3	==DB== Pepper spray.Pepper spray is a lachrymatory agent (a chemical compound that irritates the eyes to cause tears, pain, and temporary blindness) used in policing, riot control, crowd control, against protestors, and personal self-defense, including defense against dogs and bears. Its inflammatory effects cause the eyes to close, taking away vision. This temporary blindness allows officers to more easily restrain subjects and permits people using pepper spray for self-defense an opportunity to escape. Although considered a less-than-lethal agent, it has been deadly in rare cases, and concerns have been raised about a number of deaths where being pepper sprayed may have been a contributing factor. Generally it expires in 3 months..comment Pepper spray is a lachrymatory agent (a chemical compound that irritates the eyes to cause tears, pain, and temporary blindness) used in policing, riot control, crowd control, against protestors, and personal self-defense, including defense against dogs and bears. Its inflammatory effects cause the eyes to close, taking away vision. This temporary blindness allows officers to more easily restrain subjects and permits people using pepper spray for self-defense an opportunity to escape. Although considered a less-than-lethal agent, it has been deadly in rare cases, and concerns have been raised about a number of deaths where being pepper sprayed may have been a contributing factor. Generally it expires in 3 months..
3/3	==SS== To douse (someone or something) with pepper spray.
===88	pit stop	8
1/8	==SS== A brief stop for fuel, rest and/or refreshment during an automobile journey.
2/8	==DB== Pit stop.In motorsports, a pit stop is where a racing vehicle stops in the pits during a race for refuelling, new tyres, repairs, mechanical adjustments, a driver change, as a penalty, or any combination of the above. Not all of these are allowed in all forms of racing. While the term is still used in motorsports, it also gained popularity with driving in general when embarking on long road trips, suggesting a brief break from driving, as well as a refuelling stop. These "pit stops" grant the travelers a bathroom-break, a breakfast/lunch/dinner break and a chance to take in the local scenery. The pits usually comprise a pit lane which runs parallel to the start/finish straight and is connected at each end to the main track, and a row of garages (usually one per team) outside which the work is done. Pit stop work is carried out by anywhere from two to twenty mechanics (also called a "pit crew"), depending on the series regulations, while the driver often waits in the vehicle (except where a driver change is involved or in Motorbike racing). Depending on the circuit, the garage may be located on pit lane or in a separate area. Most North American circuits feature a pit lane with a number of pit stalls (typically 30-50) and a pit wall that separates the pit lane from the infield, with the garages (if used) on a separate road in the infield. In races where there are different series racing together, each series has its own separate garage or are parked in their own area. Circuits in other parts of the World (used in Formula One) typically have the individual garages open directly onto the pit lane through the team's assigned pit box. In American English, it is common to drop the definite article and just refer to "pit road", whereas in British English one would always refer to "the pit lane". A further difference is that in British English, the term "pit box" is universally used, whereas in American English, one would say "pit stall". It is important to note that in NASCAR, a pit box is a tool (see below), though there is a definitive term used for them. Where it is permitted, refuelling is often an important purpose of a pit stop. Carrying fuel slows down a vehicle and there is often a limit on the size of the fuel tank, so many races require multiple stops for fuel to complete the race distance in the minimum time. Changing tyres is also common to permit the use of softer tyres that wear faster but provide more grip, to use tyres suitable for wet conditions, or to use a range of tyres designated by the rules. Teams will aim for each of their vehicles to pit following a planned schedule, with the number of stops determined by many factors such as fuel capacity, tyre lifespan, and the trade-off between time lost in the pits versus time gained on the track due to the benefits of pit stops. Choosing the optimum pit strategy of how many stops to make and when to make them is crucial in having a successful race. It is also important for teams to take competitors' strategies into account when planning pit stops, to avoid being held up behind a competitor where overtaking is difficult or risky. An unscheduled or extended stop, such as for a repair, can be very costly for a driver's chance of success, because while they are stopped for service, competitors remaining on the track are gaining time on them. For this reason, the pit crew often undergo intensive training to perform operations such as tyre changes as quickly as possible leading to pit stops, for example in Formula 1, where the car is only stationary for a few seconds for a regular pit stop. In most series the order of the order of the teams' pit boxes is assigned by points standings, race results, or previous qualifying results before the start of the race. In NASCAR and in INDYCAR's Indianapolis 500, typically pit assignments are made after qualifying, with the fastest qualifiers choosing their pit stall first..comment In motorsports, a pit stop is where a racing vehicle stops in the pits during a race for refuelling, new tyres, repairs, mechanical adjustments, a driver change, as a penalty, or any combination of the above. Not all of these are allowed in all forms of racing. While the term is still used in motorsports, it also gained popularity with driving in general when embarking on long road trips, suggesting a brief break from driving, as well as a refuelling stop. These "pit stops" grant the travelers a bathroom-break, a breakfast/lunch/dinner break and a chance to take in the local scenery..
3/8	==SS== A utilitarian stop on a figurative journey.
4/8	==DB== Penelope Pitstop.Penelope Pitstop.Penelope Pitstop is a fictional character who appeared in the Hanna-Barbera animated series Wacky Races, and starred in the spin-off The Perils of Penelope Pitstop, voiced by Janet Waldo..comment Penelope Pitstop is a fictional character who appeared in the Hanna-Barbera animated series Wacky Races, and starred in the spin-off The Perils of Penelope Pitstop, voiced by Janet Waldo..
5/8	==SS== A stop during any pedestrian or automobile travel for any utilitarian personal purpose, especially use of a bathroom.
6/8	==DB== publisher Epyx.title Pitstop.Pitstop (video game).Pitstop is a 1983 racing video game developed and published by Epyx for the Atari 8-bit family, ColecoVision, Coleco Adam, and Commodore 64. Pitstop was noted for its implementation of a pit stop, a concept not featured in many other racing video games at the time. A sequel, Pitstop II, was released in 1984..comment Pitstop is a 1983 racing video game developed and published by Epyx for the Atari 8-bit family, ColecoVision, Coleco Adam, and Commodore 64. Pitstop was noted for its implementation of a pit stop, a concept not featured in many other racing video games at the time. A sequel, Pitstop II, was released in 1984..
7/8	==SS== A place that offers food, beverages, and other goods and services for those stopping on an automobile journey.
8/8	==SS== A stop made during an automobile race at the pit to refuel and perform other periodic maintenance on the vehicle.
===89	playing field	3
1/3	==SS== Any place or context within which competitive activity takes place, such as market competition between companies.
2/3	==SS== A field on which a game, especially a ball game, is played.
3/3	==DB== Pitch (sports field).A pitch or a sports ground is an outdoor playing area for various sports. The term pitch is most commonly used in British English, while the comparable term in American and Canadian English is playing field or sports field. In most sports the official term is field of play, although this is not regularly used by those outside refereeing/umpiring circles. The field of play generally includes out-of-bounds areas that a player is likely to enter while playing a match, such as the area beyond the touchlines in association football and rugby or the sidelines in American and Canadian football, or the "foul territory" in baseball. The surface of a pitch is most commonly composed of sod (grass), but may also be artificial turf, sand, clay, gravel, concrete, or other materials. A playing field on ice may be referred to as a rink, for example an ice hockey rink, although rink may also refer to the entire building or, in the sport of curling, to either the building or a particular team. In the sport of cricket, the cricket pitch refers not to the entire field of play, but to the section of the field on which batting and bowling take place in the centre of the field. The pitch is prepared differently from the rest of the field, to provide a harder surface for bowling. A pitch is often a regulation space, as in an association football pitch. The term level playing field is also used metaphorically to mean fairness in non-sporting human activities such as business where there are notional winners and losers..comment A pitch or a sports ground is an outdoor playing area for various sports. The term pitch is most commonly used in British English, while the comparable term in American and Canadian English is playing field or sports field. The surface of a pitch is most commonly composed of sod (grass), but may also be artificial turf, sand, clay, gravel, concrete, or other materials. A playing field on ice may be referred to as a rink, for example an ice hockey rink, although rink may also refer to the entire building or, in the sport of curling, to either the building or a particular team..
===90	post office	4
1/4	==SS== A place (building, office, shop, or counter) concerned with the business of delivering letters, post or mail and selling stamps, etc.
2/4	==SS== An organisation that delivers letters (for example, Canada Post, Royal Mail, United States Postal Service).
3/4	==SS== A children's game.
4/4	==DB== Post office.A post office is a customer service facility forming part of a national postal system. Post offices offer mail-related services such as acceptance of letters and parcels; provision of post office boxes; and sale of postage stamps, packaging, and stationery. In addition, many post offices offer additional services: providing and accepting government forms (such as passport applications), processing government services and fees (such as road tax), and banking services (such as savings accounts and money orders). The chief administrator of a post office is a postmaster. Prior to the advent of postal and ZIP codes, postal systems would route items to a specific post office for receipt or delivery. In 19th-century America, this often led to smaller communities being renamed after their post offices, particularly after the Post Office Department ceased to permit duplicate station names within a state..comment A post office is a customer service facility forming part of a national postal system. Post offices offer mail-related services such as acceptance of letters and parcels; provision of post office boxes; and sale of postage stamps, packaging, and stationery. In addition, many post offices offer additional services: providing and accepting government forms (such as passport applications), processing government services and fees (such as road tax), and banking services (such as savings accounts and money orders). The chief administrator of a post office is a postmaster..
===91	real estate	3
1/3	==SS== Property that cannot easily be moved, usually buildings and the ground they are built on.
2/3	==DB== Real estate.Real estate is "property consisting of land and the buildings on it, along with its natural resources such as crops, minerals or water; immovable property of this nature; an interest vested in this (also) an item of real property, (more generally) buildings or housing in general. Also: the business of real estate; the profession of buying, selling, or renting land, buildings or housing."It is a legal term used in jurisdictions such as the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, India, Pakistan, Australia, and New Zealand..comment Real estate is "property consisting of land and the buildings on it, along with its natural resources such as crops, minerals or water; immovable property of this nature; an interest vested in this (also) an item of real property, (more generally) buildings or housing in general. Also: the business of real estate; the profession of buying, selling, or renting land, buildings or housing."It is a legal term used in jurisdictions such as the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, India, Pakistan, Australia, and New Zealand..
3/3	==SS== Space used for a particular purpose.
===92	root cause	3
1/3	==SS== The action of identifying the cause of a chain of events which leads to an outcome or effect of interest. To root cause something's root cause does not necessarily imply the use of root cause analysis (RCA).
2/3	==DB== Root cause.A root cause is an initiating cause of either a condition or a causal chain that leads to an outcome or effect of interest. Commonly, root cause is used to describe the depth in the causal chain where an intervention could reasonably be implemented to improve performance or prevent an undesirable outcome. In plain English a "root cause" is a "cause" (harmful factor) that is "root" (deep, basic, fundamental, underlying, initial or the like). The term root cause has been used in professional journals as early as 1905. Paradies (2005) has defined a root cause as follows: "The most basic cause (or causes) that can reasonably be identified that management has control to fix and, when fixed, will prevent (or significantly reduce the likelihood of) the problem’s recurrence." Fantin (2014) describes the root cause as the result of the drill down analysis required to discover which is the process that is failing, defining it as "MIN Process" (meaning a process that is Missing, Incomplete or Not followed) About Root-Cause discovery, see Root cause analysis..comment A root cause is an initiating cause of either a condition or a causal chain that leads to an outcome or effect of interest. Commonly, root cause is used to describe the depth in the causal chain where an intervention could reasonably be implemented to improve performance or prevent an undesirable outcome. In plain English a "root cause" is a "cause" (harmful factor) that is "root" (deep, basic, fundamental, underlying, initial or the like). The term root cause has been used in professional journals as early as 1905. About Root-Cause discovery, see Root cause analysis..
3/3	==SS== An initiating cause of a chain of events which leads to an outcome or effect of interest.
===93	science fiction	5
1/5	==SS== Fiction in which advanced technology or science is a key element.''Some people consider motion pictures such as the Star Wars movies more as fantasies than '''science fiction'''.'' 
2/5	==DB== Science fiction.Science fiction is a genre of speculative fiction typically dealing with imaginative concepts such as futuristic science and technology, space travel, time travel, faster than light travel, parallel universes, and extraterrestrial life. Science fiction often explores the potential consequences of scientific and other innovations, and has been called a "literature of ideas." It usually eschews the supernatural, and unlike the related genre of fantasy, historically science fiction stories were intended to have at least a faint grounding in science-based fact or theory at the time the story was created, but this connection has become tenuous or non-existent in much of science fiction..comment Science fiction is a genre of speculative fiction typically dealing with imaginative concepts such as futuristic science and technology, space travel, time travel, faster than light travel, parallel universes, and extraterrestrial life. Science fiction often explores the potential consequences of scientific and other innovations, and has been called a "literature of ideas." It usually eschews the supernatural, and unlike the related genre of fantasy, historically science fiction stories were intended to have at least a faint grounding in science-based fact or theory at the time the story was created, but this connection has become tenuous or non-existent in much of science fiction..
3/5	==SS== something unbelievable
4/5	==SS== Technology that, while theoretically possible, is not yet practical.''Despite decades of research, mass-market personal aircraft are still '''science fiction'''.'' 
5/5	==SS== (genre of fiction)
===94	shelf life	7
1/7	==DB== Shelf Life (The Fairly OddParents).
2/7	==DB== Shelf life.Shelf life is the length of time that a commodity may be stored without becoming unfit for use, consumption, or sale. In other words, it might refer to whether a commodity should no longer be on a pantry shelf (unfit for use), or just no longer on a supermarket shelf (unfit for sale, but not yet unfit for use). It applies to cosmetics, foods and beverages, medical devices, medicines, explosives, pharmaceutical drugs, chemicals, tires, batteries, and many other perishable items. In some regions, an advisory best before, mandatory use by, or freshness date is required on packaged perishable foods..comment Shelf life is the length of time that a commodity may be stored without becoming unfit for use, consumption, or sale. In other words, it might refer to whether a commodity should no longer be on a pantry shelf (unfit for use), or just no longer on a supermarket shelf (unfit for sale, but not yet unfit for use). It applies to cosmetics, foods and beverages, medical devices, medicines, explosives, pharmaceutical drugs, chemicals, tires, batteries, and many other perishable items. In some regions, an advisory best before, mandatory use by, or freshness date is required on packaged perishable foods..
3/7	==DB== Shelf Life.pages 192.isbn 802789595.pubDate 2004-06-01.Shelf Life (novel).Shelf Life is a 2004 young adult novel by Robert Corbet. The book was first published in Australia on June 1, 2004 through Allen & Unwin and focuses on the workers of an unnamed supermarket. Shelf Life was nominated as one of the CBCA's "Notable Books of 2005" in the "Older Readers" category..comment Shelf Life is a 2004 young adult novel by Robert Corbet. The book was first published in Australia on June 1, 2004 through Allen & Unwin and focuses on the workers of an unnamed supermarket. Shelf Life was nominated as one of the CBCA's "Notable Books of 2005" in the "Older Readers" category..
4/7	==DB== Shelf Life.runtime 4860.0.starring O-Lan Jones.starring Jim Turner.starring Andrea Stein.Shelf Life (film).Shelf Life is a 1993 film directed by Paul Bartel, which was the final film he directed before he died in 2000, and the film stars O-Lan Jones, Andrea Stein and Jim Turner..comment Shelf Life is a 1993 film directed by Paul Bartel, which was the final film he directed before he died in 2000, and the film stars O-Lan Jones, Andrea Stein and Jim Turner..
5/7	==DB== Shelf Life (2004 film).
6/7	==SS== The maximum time a packaged material can be stored under specific conditions and still meet the performance requirements specified.{{syn|en|storage life}} 
7/7	==SS== The length of time a product (especially food and drugs) will last without deteriorating or without being sold.
===95	shock wave	3
1/3	==DB== Shock wave.In physics, a shock wave (also spelled shockwave), or shock, is a type of propagating disturbance. When a wave moves faster than the local speed of sound in a fluid it is a shock wave. Like an ordinary wave, a shock wave carries energy, and can propagate through a medium; however it is characterized by an abrupt, nearly discontinuous change in pressure, temperature and density of the medium. In supersonic flows, expansion is achieved through an expansion fan also known as a Prandtl-Meyer expansion fan. Unlike solitons (another kind of nonlinear wave), the energy of a shock wave dissipates relatively quickly with distance. Also, the accompanying expansion wave approaches and eventually merges with the shock wave, partially cancelling it out. Thus the sonic boom associated with the passage of a supersonic aircraft is the sound wave resulting from the degradation and merging of the shock wave and the expansion wave produced by the aircraft. When a shock wave passes through matter, energy is preserved but entropy increases. This change in the matter's properties manifests itself as a decrease in the energy which can be extracted as work, and as a drag force on supersonic objects; shock waves are strongly irreversible processes..comment In physics, a shock wave (also spelled shockwave), or shock, is a type of propagating disturbance. When a wave moves faster than the local speed of sound in a fluid it is a shock wave. Like an ordinary wave, a shock wave carries energy, and can propagate through a medium; however it is characterized by an abrupt, nearly discontinuous change in pressure, temperature and density of the medium. In supersonic flows, expansion is achieved through an expansion fan also known as a Prandtl-Meyer expansion fan..
2/3	==SS== A powerful compression wave produced by the movement of a body through a fluid or gas at a velocity greater than the local speed of sound.
3/3	==SS== Any violent disturbance.
===96	shot put	4
1/4	==SS== A trial of shot put.
2/4	==SS== A ball used to perform the action of shot put.
3/4	==DB== Shot put.The shot put (pronounced /ˈʃɒt pʊt/) is a track and field event involving "throwing"/"putting" (throwing in a pushing motion) a heavy spherical object —the shot—as far as possible. The shot put competition for men has been a part of the modern Olympics since their revival in 1896, and women's competition began in 1948..comment The shot put (pronounced /ˈʃɒt pʊt/) is a track and field event involving "throwing"/"putting" (throwing in a pushing motion) a heavy spherical object —the shot—as far as possible. The shot put competition for men has been a part of the modern Olympics since their revival in 1896, and women's competition began in 1948..
4/4	==SS== An athletics event where a competitor must hurl a heavy metal orb as far as possible. Because of the weight of the ball this is done with a pushing motion rather than a throwing motion.
===97	side effect	5
1/5	==SS== An unintended consequence of any action in addition to the intended consequence of that action.
2/5	==DB== Side Effect.yearsActive 1972.background group_or_band.pastMembers Jim Gilstrap.pastMembers Augie Johnson.pastMembers Sylvia Nabors.pastMembers Lomita Johnson.pastMembers Gregory Matta.pastMembers Louis Patton.Side Effect.Side Effect was an American disco and jazz-funk band, that recorded between 1972 and 1982. The group was formed in Los Angeles, California in 1972 by Augie Johnson who became their leader..comment Side Effect was an American disco and jazz-funk band, that recorded between 1972 and 1982. The group was formed in Los Angeles, California in 1972 by Augie Johnson who became their leader..
3/5	==SS== A change in state caused by a function call (typically "side-effect").''Eiffel is somewhat purist about insisting that functions have no '''side effects'''.'' 
4/5	==SS== An adverse effect, an unintended consequence of a drug or therapy; usually not a beneficial effect.
5/5	==DB== Side effect.In medicine, a side effect is an effect, whether therapeutic or adverse, that is secondary to the one intended; although the term is predominantly employed to describe adverse effects, it can also apply to beneficial, but unintended, consequences of the use of a drug. Occasionally, drugs are prescribed or procedures performed specifically for their side effects; in that case, said side effect ceases to be a side effect, and is now an intended effect. For instance, X-rays were historically (and are currently) used as an imaging technique; the discovery of their oncolytic capability led to their employ in radiotherapy (ablation of malignant tumours)..comment In medicine, a side effect is an effect, whether therapeutic or adverse, that is secondary to the one intended; although the term is predominantly employed to describe adverse effects, it can also apply to beneficial, but unintended, consequences of the use of a drug..
===98	sign language	5
1/5	==SS== Sign languages (sense 1) considered collectively.
2/5	==SS== One of several natural languages, typically used by the deaf, where the words and phrases consist of hand shapes, motions, positions, and facial expressions.
3/5	==SS== Communication through gestures used when speech is impossible, for example, between monks under a vow of silence or people speaking different languages.
4/5	==DB== Sign language.A sign language (also signed language) is a language which chiefly uses manual communication to convey meaning, as opposed to acoustically conveyed sound patterns. This can involve simultaneously combining hand shapes, orientation and movement of the hands, arms or body, and facial expressions to express a speaker's thoughts. Sign languages share many similarities with spoken languages (sometimes called "oral languages", which depend primarily on sound), which is why linguists consider both to be natural languages. Although there are also some significant differences between signed and spoken languages, such as how they use space grammatically, sign languages show the same linguistic properties and use the same language faculty as do spoken languages. They should not be confused with body language, which is a kind of non-linguistic communication. Wherever communities of deaf people exist, sign languages have developed, and are at the cores of local deaf cultures. Although signing is used primarily by the deaf, it is also used by others, such as people who can hear, but cannot physically speak. It is not clear how many sign languages there are. A common misconception is that all sign languages are the same worldwide or that sign language is international. Aside from the pidgin International Sign, each country generally has its own, native sign language, and some have more than one (although there are also substantial similarities among all sign languages). The 2013 edition of Ethnologue lists 137 sign languages. Some sign languages have obtained some form of legal recognition, while others have no status at all. Linguists distinguish natural sign languages from other systems that are precursors to them or derived from them, such as invented manual codes for spoken languages, home sign, "baby sign", and signs learned by non-human primates..comment A sign language (also signed language) is a language which chiefly uses manual communication to convey meaning, as opposed to acoustically conveyed sound patterns. This can involve simultaneously combining hand shapes, orientation and movement of the hands, arms or body, and facial expressions to express a speaker's thoughts. Sign languages share many similarities with spoken languages (sometimes called "oral languages", which depend primarily on sound), which is why linguists consider both to be natural languages. Although there are also some significant differences between signed and spoken languages, such as how they use space grammatically, sign languages show the same linguistic properties and use the same language faculty as do spoken languages. They should not be confused with body .
5/5	==SS== The sign language (sense 1) that is used locally or that is mistakenly believed to be the only one.
===99	silver medal	3
1/3	==DB== Silver medal.A silver medal in sports and other similar areas involving competition is a medal made of, or plated with, silver awarded to the second-place finisher, or runner-up, of contests or competitions such as the Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games, etc. The outright winner receives a gold medal and the third place a bronze medal. More generally, silver is traditionally a metal sometimes used for all types of high-quality medals, including artistic ones..comment A silver medal in sports and other similar areas involving competition is a medal made of, or plated with, silver awarded to the second-place finisher, or runner-up, of contests or competitions such as the Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games, etc. The outright winner receives a gold medal and the third place a bronze medal. More generally, silver is traditionally a metal sometimes used for all types of high-quality medals, including artistic ones..
2/3	==SS== A medal made of, or having the colour of, silver, given as a prize for finishing in second place
3/3	==SS== Finishing in second position, being a runner-up
===100	soft drink	3
1/3	==SS== Any non-alcoholic drink.
2/3	==SS== Any carbonated, usually sweet, non-alcoholic drink.
3/3	==DB== Soft drink.A soft drink (see  for other names) is a drink that typically contains carbonated water, a sweetener, and a natural or artificial flavoring. The sweetener may be sugar, high-fructose corn syrup, fruit juice, sugar substitutes (in the case of diet drinks), or some combination of these. Soft drinks may also contain caffeine, colorings, preservatives, and other ingredients. Soft drinks are called "soft" in contrast to "hard drinks" (alcoholic beverages). Small amounts of alcohol may be present in a soft drink, but the alcohol content must be less than 0.5% of the total volume if the drink is to be considered non-alcoholic. Fruit punch, tea, and other such non-alcoholic beverages are technically soft drinks by this definition but are not generally referred to as such. Soft drinks may be served chilled, over ice cubes or at room temperature. In rare cases, some soft drinks, such as Dr Pepper, can be served warm. Soft drinks are available in many formats, including cans, glass bottles, and plastic bottles (the latter in a variety of sizes ranging from small bottles to large 2-liter containers). Soft drinks are also widely available at fast food restaurants, movie theaters, convenience stores, casual dining restaurants, and bars from soda fountain machines. Soda fountain drinks are typically served in paper or plastic disposable cups in the first three venues. In casual dining restaurants and bars, soft drinks are often served in glasses. Soft drinks may be drunk with straws or sipped directly from the cups. Soft drinks are mixed with other ingredients in several contexts. In Western countries, in bars and other places where alcohol is served (e.g., airplanes, restaurants and nightclubs) many mixed drinks are made by blending a soft drink with hard liquor and serving the drink over ice. One well-known example is the rum and coke, which may also contain lime juice. Some homemade fruit punch recipes, which may or may not contain alcohol, contain a mixture of various fruit juices and soda pop (e.g., ginger ale). At ice cream parlours and 1950s-themed diners, ice cream floats are often sold. Two popular ice cream floats are the coke float and the root beer float, which consist of a scoop of ice cream placed in a tall glass of the respectively named soft drinks..comment A soft drink (see  for other names) is a drink that typically contains carbonated water, a sweetener, and a natural or artificial flavoring. The sweetener may be sugar, high-fructose corn syrup, fruit juice, sugar substitutes (in the case of diet drinks), or some combination of these. Soft drinks may also contain caffeine, colorings, preservatives, and other ingredients..
===101	square root	3
1/3	==SS== The number which, when squared, yields another number.''The square roots of 4 are 2 and -2, the square root of 0 is 0, and the square roots of -4 are 2i and -2i.'' 
2/3	==DB== Square root.In mathematics, a square root of a number a is a number y such that y2 = a; in other words, a number y whose square (the result of multiplying the number by itself, or y × y) is a. For example, 4 and −4 are square roots of 16 because 42 = (−4)2 = 16. Every non-negative real number a has a unique non-negative square root, called the principal square root, which is denoted by √a, where √ is called the radical sign or radix. For example, the principal square root of 9 is 3, denoted √9 = 3, because 32 = 3 × 3 = 9 and 3 is non-negative. The term whose root is being considered is known as the radicand. The radicand is the number or expression underneath the radical sign, in this example 9. Every positive number a has two square roots: √a, which is positive, and −√a, which is negative. Together, these two roots are denoted ± √a (see ± shorthand). Although the principal square root of a positive number is only one of its two square roots, the designation "the square root" is often used to refer to the principal square root. For positive a, the principal square root can also be written in exponent notation, as a1/2. Square roots of negative numbers can be discussed within the framework of complex numbers. More generally, square roots can be considered in any context in which a notion of "squaring" of some mathematical objects is defined (including algebras of matrices, endomorphism rings, etc.).comment In mathematics, a square root of a number a is a number y such that y2 = a; in other words, a number y whose square (the result of multiplying the number by itself, or y × y) is a. For example, 4 and −4 are square roots of 16 because 42 = (−4)2 = 16. Square roots of negative numbers can be discussed within the framework of complex numbers. More generally, square roots can be considered in any context in which a notion of "squaring" of some mathematical objects is defined (including algebras of matrices, endomorphism rings, etc.).
3/3	==SS== The positive number which, when squared, yields another number; the principal square root.''The square root of 4 is 2. No negative square roots exist. Negative numbers have no square roots.'' 
===102	state police	3
1/3	==DB== State police.State police or provincial police are a type of sub-national territorial police force, found particularly in North America, South Asia, and Oceania. Some other countries have analogous police forces, such as the provincial police in some Canadian provinces. Particularly in the United States, the primary goals of most state police agencies are the safety of motorists on interstate highways, and the enforcement of traffic laws on those interstate highways, but can also involve statewide law enforcement and criminal investigation..comment State police or provincial police are a type of sub-national territorial police force, found particularly in North America, South Asia, and Oceania. Some other countries have analogous police forces, such as the provincial police in some Canadian provinces. Particularly in the United States, the primary goals of most state police agencies are the safety of motorists on interstate highways, and the enforcement of traffic laws on those interstate highways, but can also involve statewide law enforcement and criminal investigation..
2/3	==SS== The police force belonging to the state (subnational) government, as contrasted with federal, county, or municipal law enforcement.
3/3	==SS== Outside the USA or Australia, the national police, i.e. the police force belonging to the national (state) government.
===103	stick figure	4
1/4	==DB== Stick Figure.yearsActive –present.background group_or_band.Stick Figure.Stick Figure is an American reggae and dub band based in Southern California. The group has released six full-length albums, all of which were written and produced by frontman Scott Woodruff, a singer-songwriter who until 2009 was based in Massachusetts. In 2012 Woodruff released the fifth Stick Figure album, Burial Ground, to critical acclaim. The album reached no. 1 on the iTunes and Billboard Reggae charts. The band began touring with a new line up after the release of Burial Ground, and has since toured throughout the United States with reggae groups such as Rebelution, Slightly Stoopid, The Green, Passafire, Tribal Seeds and The Expendables. Cocoa, an Australian Shepherd, typically joins the band on stage. The group's sixth album, Set in Stone, was released in November 2015 and reached No. 1 on the Billboard Reggae Albums Chart, also reaching No. 101 on the Billboard 200 and No. 1 on Heatseekers Albums chart..comment Stick Figure is an American reggae and dub band based in Southern California. The group has released six full-length albums, all of which were written and produced by frontman Scott Woodruff, a singer-songwriter who until 2009 was based in Massachusetts. In 2012 Woodruff released the fifth Stick Figure album, Burial Ground, to critical acclaim. The album reached no. 1 on the iTunes and Billboard Reggae charts. The band began touring with a new line up after the release of Burial Ground, and has since toured throughout the United States with reggae groups such as Rebelution, Slightly Stoopid, The Green, Passafire, Tribal Seeds and The Expendables. Cocoa, an Australian Shepherd, typically joins the band on stage. The group's sixth album, Set in Stone, was released in November 2015 and reache.
2/4	==SS== A skinny person.
3/4	==DB== Stick figure.A stick figure is a very simple drawing of a person or animal, composed of a few lines, curves, and dots. In a stick figure, the head is represented by a circle, sometimes embellished with details such as eyes, mouth or crudely scratched-out hair. The arms, legs and torso are usually represented by straight lines. Details such as hands, feet and a neck may be present or absent, and the simpler stick figures display an ambiguous emotional expression. Graffiti of stick figures are found throughout history, often scratched with a sharp object on hard surfaces such as stone or concrete walls. Stick figures are often used in sketches for film storyboarding..comment A stick figure is a very simple drawing of a person or animal, composed of a few lines, curves, and dots. In a stick figure, the head is represented by a circle, sometimes embellished with details such as eyes, mouth or crudely scratched-out hair. The arms, legs and torso are usually represented by straight lines. Details such as hands, feet and a neck may be present or absent, and the simpler stick figures display an ambiguous emotional expression..
4/4	==SS== A simple line drawing, typically of a human body with a circle representing the head and straight lines representing the torso and limbs.
===104	stock company	3
1/3	==DB== Joint-stock company.A joint-stock company is a business entity where different stocks can be bought and owned by shareholders. Each shareholder owns company stock in proportion, evidenced by his or her shares (certificates of ownership). This allows for the unequal ownership of a business with some shareholders owning a bigger proportion of a company than others do. Shareholders are able to transfer their shares to others without any effects to the continued existence of the company. In modern-day corporate law, the existence of a joint-stock company is often synonymous with incorporation (i.e. possession of legal personality separate from shareholders) and limited liability (meaning that the shareholders are only liable for the company's debts to the value of the money they invested in the company). As a consequence, joint-stock companies are commonly known as corporations or limited companies. Some jurisdictions still provide the possibility of registering joint-stock companies without limited liability. In the United Kingdom and other countries which have adopted its model of company law, these are known as unlimited companies. In the United States, they are known simply as "joint-stock companies"..comment A joint-stock company is a business entity where different stocks can be bought and owned by shareholders. Each shareholder owns company stock in proportion, evidenced by his or her shares (certificates of ownership). This allows for the unequal ownership of a business with some shareholders owning a bigger proportion of a company than others do. Shareholders are able to transfer their shares to others without any effects to the continued existence of the company..
2/3	==SS== A company of actors regularly employed at one theater, or permanently acting together in various plays under one management.
3/3	==SS== An incorporated company the capital of which is represented by marketable shares having a certain equal par value.
===105	straw man	6
1/6	==SS== A doll or scarecrow, particularly one stuffed with straw.
2/6	==SS== An outline serving as an initial proposal for a project, usually refined iteratively.{{ux|en|a tentative '''strawman''' spec}} 
3/6	==SS== An insubstantial concept, idea, endeavor or argument, particularly one deliberately set up to be weakly supported, so that it can be easily knocked down; especially to impugn the strength of any related or contrasted thing or idea.
4/6	==SS== An innocuous person or someone of nominal or lesser importance, as a front man or straw boss.
5/6	==DB== Straw man.A straw man is a common form of argument and is an informal fallacy based on giving the impression of refuting an opponent's argument, while actually refuting an argument that was not advanced by that opponent. The so-called typical "attacking a straw man" argument creates the illusion of having completely refuted or defeated an opponent's proposition by covertly replacing it with a different proposition (i.e. "stand up a straw man") and then refuting that false argument ("knock down a straw man") instead of the original proposition. This technique has been used throughout history in polemical debate, particularly in arguments about highly charged emotional issues where a fiery, entertaining "battle" and the defeat of an "enemy" may be more valued than critical thinking or understanding both sides of the issue. Allegedly, straw-man tactics were once known in some parts of the United Kingdom as an Aunt Sally, after a pub game of the same name where patrons threw sticks or battens at a post to knock off a skittle balanced on top..comment A straw man is a common form of argument and is an informal fallacy based on giving the impression of refuting an opponent's argument, while actually refuting an argument that was not advanced by that opponent. The so-called typical "attacking a straw man" argument creates the illusion of having completely refuted or defeated an opponent's proposition by covertly replacing it with a different proposition (i.e. "stand up a straw man") and then refuting that false argument ("knock down a straw man") instead of the original proposition..
6/6	==SS== To falsely attribute an insubstantial argument (a straw man argument) to another through direct declaration or indirect implication; to put words in someone's mouthPerson A: "Cats have claws."<br>Person B: "Not all cats have claws: some are declawed."<br>Person A: "Don't '''straw man''' me; I never said ''all''."<br>Person B: "Well, I never said ''you'' said all, so don't '''straw man''' me either. But you didn't say ''some'' cats or ''most'' cats so I wanted to interject in case others assumed the lack of qualifier to imply ''all'' cats." 
===106	surface area	3
1/3	==SS== The total area on the surface of a three-dimensional figure.
2/3	==DB== Surface area.The surface area of a solid object is a measure of the total area that the surface of the object occupies. The mathematical definition of surface area in the presence of curved surfaces is considerably more involved than the definition of arc length of one-dimensional curves, or of the surface area for polyhedra (i.e., objects with flat polygonal faces), for which the surface area is the sum of the areas of its faces. Smooth surfaces, such as a sphere, are assigned surface area using their representation as parametric surfaces. This definition of surface area is based on methods of infinitesimal calculus and involves partial derivatives and double integration. A general definition of surface area was sought by Henri Lebesgue and Hermann Minkowski at the turn of the twentieth century. Their work led to the development of geometric measure theory, which studies various notions of surface area for irregular objects of any dimension. An important example is the Minkowski content of a surface..comment The surface area of a solid object is a measure of the total area that the surface of the object occupies. The mathematical definition of surface area in the presence of curved surfaces is considerably more involved than the definition of arc length of one-dimensional curves, or of the surface area for polyhedra (i.e., objects with flat polygonal faces), for which the surface area is the sum of the areas of its faces. Smooth surfaces, such as a sphere, are assigned surface area using their representation as parametric surfaces. This definition of surface area is based on methods of infinitesimal calculus and involves partial derivatives and double integration..
3/3	==SS== The total resources of a system that are accessible from the outside world and thus might be attacked.''Disabling network access to unused ports reduces '''surface area'''.'' 
===107	tag team	3
1/3	==SS== A gangbang.
2/3	==SS== Two people acting alternately to accomplish some task.
3/3	==DB== Tag team.Tag team wrestling is a type of professional wrestling in which matches are contested between teams of multiple wrestlers. A tag team may be made up of wrestlers who normally wrestle in singles competition, but more commonly are made of established teams who wrestle regularly as a unit and have a team name and identity. In most team matches, only one competitor per team is allowed in the ring at a time. This status as the active or legal wrestler may be transferred by physical contact, most commonly a palm-to-palm "tag" which resembles a high five. The team-based match has been a mainstay of professional wrestling since the mid twentieth century, and most promotions have sanctioned a championship division for tag teams. The term "tag team" has since become used in common parlance to describe two or more people who alternate or cooperate in participation in an activity, and "tag-teaming" to describe the act of alternating with an ally, e.g. a couple tag-teaming in an argument with another person..comment Tag team wrestling is a type of professional wrestling in which matches are contested between teams of multiple wrestlers. A tag team may be made up of wrestlers who normally wrestle in singles competition, but more commonly are made of established teams who wrestle regularly as a unit and have a team name and identity. In most team matches, only one competitor per team is allowed in the ring at a time. This status as the active or legal wrestler may be transferred by physical contact, most commonly a palm-to-palm "tag" which resembles a high five..
===108	target cell	3
1/3	==DB== Codocyte.Codocytes, also known as target cells or Mexican hat cells, are red blood cells that have the appearance of a shooting target with a bullseye. In optical microscopy these cells appear to have a dark center (a central, hemoglobinized area) surrounded by a white ring (an area of relative pallor), followed by dark outer (peripheral) second ring containing a band of hemoglobin. However, in electron microscopy they appear very thin and bell shaped. Because of their thinness they are referred to as leptocytes and because of the wavy bowl shape they are referred to as Mexican hat cells. On routine smear morphology, some people like to make a distinction between leptocytes and codocytes- suggesting that in leptocytes the central spot is not completely detached from the peripheral ring, i.e. the pallor is in a C shape rather than a full ring. These cells are characterized by a disproportional increase in the ratio of surface membrane area to volume. This is also described as a "relative membrane excess." It is due to either increased red cell surface area (increased beyond normal), or else a decreased intracellular hemoglobin content (which may cause an abnormal decrease in cell volume without affecting the amount of membrane area). The increase in the surface area to volume ratio also gives the cell decreased osmotic fragility, as it allows it to take up more water for a given amount of osmotic stress. In vivo (within the blood vessel), the codocyte is a bell-shaped cell. It assumes a "target" configuration only when processed to obtain a blood film. In the film these cells appear thinner than normal, primarily due to their pallor (by which thickness is judged on microscopy)..comment Codocytes, also known as target cells or Mexican hat cells, are red blood cells that have the appearance of a shooting target with a bullseye. In optical microscopy these cells appear to have a dark center (a central, hemoglobinized area) surrounded by a white ring (an area of relative pallor), followed by dark outer (peripheral) second ring containing a band of hemoglobin. However, in electron microscopy they appear very thin and bell shaped. Because of their thinness they are referred to as leptocytes and because of the wavy bowl shape they are referred to as Mexican hat cells. On routine smear morphology, some people like to make a distinction between leptocytes and codocytes- suggesting that in leptocytes the central spot is not completely detached from the peripheral ring, i.e. the pa.
2/3	==SS== any cell having a specific receptor for an antibody, antigen or hormone
3/3	==SS== an abnormal red blood cell with a ringed appearance, associated with some anemias
===109	target language	5
1/5	==SS== The language into which a translation is done.
2/5	==DB== Target language (translation).In translation, the target language is the language being translated to; it is the antonym of the source language, which is the language being translated from. In most professional settings, the target language is also the translator's first language. Translation for specific or professional topic areas often require a working knowledge of those terminologies in the target language as well. For example, the translation of a legal text requires not only fluency in the target language but also a familiarity with the terminology specific to the legal field in the target language. While the form and style of the source language often cannot be reproduced in the target language, the meaning and content can. Linguist Roman Jakobson went as far as to claim that all cognitive experience can be classified and expressed in any living language..comment In translation, the target language is the language being translated to; it is the antonym of the source language, which is the language being translated from. In most professional settings, the target language is also the translator's first language. Translation for specific or professional topic areas often require a working knowledge of those terminologies in the target language as well. For example, the translation of a legal text requires not only fluency in the target language but also a familiarity with the terminology specific to the legal field in the target language..
3/5	==DB== Target language (computing).
4/5	==SS== The language a learner is attempting to acquire.
5/5	==SS== The machine language into which source code is to be compiled.
===110	teddy bear	3
1/3	==DB== Teddy bear.(For other uses, see Teddy bear (disambiguation).) A teddy bear is a soft toy in the form of a bear. Developed apparently simultaneously by toymakers Morris Michtom in the U.S. and Richard Steiff in Germany in the early years of the 20th century, and named after President Theodore "Teddy" Roosevelt, the teddy bear became an iconic children's toy, celebrated in story, song, and film. Since the creation of the first teddy bears which sought to imitate the form of real bear cubs, "teddies" have greatly varied in form, style and material. They have become collector's items, with older and rarer "teddies" appearing at public auctions. Teddy bears are among the most popular gifts for children and are often given to adults to signify love, congratulations, or sympathy..comment (For other uses, see Teddy bear (disambiguation).) A teddy bear is a soft toy in the form of a bear. Developed apparently simultaneously by toymakers Morris Michtom in the U.S. and Richard Steiff in Germany in the early years of the 20th century, and named after President Theodore "Teddy" Roosevelt, the teddy bear became an iconic children's toy, celebrated in story, song, and film. Since the creation of the first teddy bears which sought to imitate the form of real bear cubs, "teddies" have greatly varied in form, style and material. They have become collector's items, with older and rarer "teddies" appearing at public auctions. Teddy bears are among the most popular gifts for children and are often given to adults to signify love, congratulations, or sympathy..
2/3	==SS== A plush toy in the shape of a bear.
3/3	==SS== A lovable, endearing, large, strong, hairy, or sweet man
===111	television channel	3
1/3	==SS== A specific radio frequency or band of frequencies used for transmitting television.
2/3	==DB== Television channel.A television channel is a physical or virtual channel over which a television station or television network is distributed. For example, in North America, "channel 2" refers to the broadcast or cable band of 54 to 60 MHz, with carrier frequencies of 55.25 MHz for NTSC analog video (VSB) and 59.75 MHz for analog audio (FM), or 55.31 MHz for digital ATSC (8VSB). Channels may be shared by many different television stations or cable-distributed channels depending on the location and service provider. Depending on the multinational bandplan for a given region, analog television channels are typically 6, 7, or 8 MHz in bandwidth, and therefore television channel frequencies vary as well. Channel numbering is also different. Digital television channels are the same as their analog predecessors for legacy reasons, however through multiplexing, each physical radio frequency (RF) channel can carry several digital subchannels. On satellites, each transponder normally carries one channel, however multiple small, independent channels can be on one transponder, with some loss of bandwidth due to the need for guard bands between unrelated transmissions. ISDB, used in Japan and Brazil, has a similar segmented mode. Preventing interference between over-the-air channels in the same area is accomplished by skipping at least one channel between two analog stations' frequency allocations. (Where channel numbers are sequential, frequencies are not contiguous, such as channel 6 to 7 skip from VHF low to high band, and channel 13 to 14 jump to UHF.) On cable TV, it is possible to use adjacent channels only because they are all at the same power, something which could only be done over the air if the two stations were transmitted at the same power and height from the same location. For digital TV, selectivity is inherently better, therefore channels adjacent (either to analog or digital stations) can be used even in the same area..comment A television channel is a physical or virtual channel over which a television station or television network is distributed. For example, in North America, "channel 2" refers to the broadcast or cable band of 54 to 60 MHz, with carrier frequencies of 55.25 MHz for NTSC analog video (VSB) and 59.75 MHz for analog audio (FM), or 55.31 MHz for digital ATSC (8VSB). Channels may be shared by many different television stations or cable-distributed channels depending on the location and service provider..
3/3	==SS== A station or broadcaster using the band.
===112	test case	3
1/3	==SS== Any of a set of conditions and variables used to test an application.
2/3	==DB== Test case.A test case, in software engineering, is a set of conditions under which a tester will determine whether an application, software system or one of its features is working as it was originally established for it to do. The mechanism for determining whether a software program or system has passed or failed such a test is known as a test oracle. In some settings, an oracle could be a requirement or use case, while in others it could be a heuristic. It may take many test cases to determine that a software program or system is considered sufficiently scrutinized to be released. Test cases are often referred to as test scripts, particularly when written - when they are usually collected into test suites..comment A test case, in software engineering, is a set of conditions under which a tester will determine whether an application, software system or one of its features is working as it was originally established for it to do. The mechanism for determining whether a software program or system has passed or failed such a test is known as a test oracle. In some settings, an oracle could be a requirement or use case, while in others it could be a heuristic. It may take many test cases to determine that a software program or system is considered sufficiently scrutinized to be released. Test cases are often referred to as test scripts, particularly when written - when they are usually collected into test suites..
3/3	==SS== A legal action intended to set a precedent.
===113	time bomb	43
1/43	==DB== Time Bomb (CSI: Miami).
2/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Special Branch).
3/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Earth: Final Conflict).
4/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Wonder Woman).
5/43	==DB== title Time Bomb.series Angel.season 5.airdate 2004-04-28.episode 19.guests *Jaime Bergman as Amanda *Jeff Yagher as Fell Leader *Adam Baldwin as Marcus Hamilton *Nick Gilhool as Fell Brother #1.Time Bomb (Angel)."Time Bomb" is episode 19 of season 5 in the television show Angel. Written by Ben Edlund and directed by Vern Gillum, it was originally broadcast on April 28, 2004 on the WB network. In "Time Bomb", Illyria rescues Gunn from the hell dimension he entered in penance for his role in Fred's death. While Angel negotiates a contract between a group of demons and a pregnant woman whose unborn child the demons believe to be their Messiah, Illyria begins uncontrollably looping through time, until Wesley shunts her excess power into another dimension. This is a crucial episode in the Illyria arc, because Team Angel are able to diminish her powers until she can only help them and can no longer destroy the Earth..comment "Time Bomb" is episode 19 of season 5 in the television show Angel. Written by Ben Edlund and directed by Vern Gillum, it was originally broadcast on April 28, 2004 on the WB network. In "Time Bomb", Illyria rescues Gunn from the hell dimension he entered in penance for his role in Fred's death. While Angel negotiates a contract between a group of demons and a pregnant woman whose unborn child the demons believe to be their Messiah, Illyria begins uncontrollably looping through time, until Wesley shunts her excess power into another dimension..
6/43	==DB== Time Bomb (S.W.A.T.).
7/43	==DB== Time Bomb.Terror on a Train.runtime 4320.0.runtime 4380.0.budget 975000.0.editing Frank Clarke.gross 746000.0.Time Bomb (1953 film).Time Bomb is a 1953 British-made MGM post-war thriller film written by Kem Bennett and directed by Ted Tetzlaff. It starred Glenn Ford and Anne Vernon. In the US it was released under the title Terror on a Train..comment Time Bomb is a 1953 British-made MGM post-war thriller film written by Kem Bennett and directed by Ted Tetzlaff. It starred Glenn Ford and Anne Vernon. In the US it was released under the title Terror on a Train..
8/43	==SS== A situation that threatens to have disastrous consequences at some future time.
9/43	==DB== founded 1994.Time Bomb Recordings.Time Bomb Recordings is a Laguna Beach, California based record label founded by artist manager Jim Guerinot in a 1994 joint-venture agreement with Arista Records. In the following 6 years, the artist roster grew to encompass a variety of musical genres (punk, indie, rock-a-billy); generally falling under the label "alternative rock." When the Arista agreement expired in 2000, Time Bomb signed with BMG Distribution. The label now exists mostly to administer the label's back catalog and is currently distributed by RED Distribution (whose parent, Sony Music Entertainment, absorbed BMG). On August 5, 2014, Time Bomb released Summer Nationals, the three-song covers EP by The Offspring on iTunes and Spotify..comment Time Bomb Recordings is a Laguna Beach, California based record label founded by artist manager Jim Guerinot in a 1994 joint-venture agreement with Arista Records. In the following 6 years, the artist roster grew to encompass a variety of musical genres (punk, indie, rock-a-billy); generally falling under the label "alternative rock." When the Arista agreement expired in 2000, Time Bomb signed with BMG Distribution. The label now exists mostly to administer the label's back catalog and is currently distributed by RED Distribution (whose parent, Sony Music Entertainment, absorbed BMG)..
10/43	==DB== Time Bombs (All Saints 1999 episode).
11/43	==DB== runtime 3180.0.showName Time Bomb 9/11.numSeasons 1.pictureFormat 480.firstAired 2005-06-20.lastAired 2005-12-25.Time Bomb 9/11."Time Bomb 9/11" or just "Time Bomb" was a Hindi political thriller that aired on Zee TV from June 20, 2005 to December 25, 2005. It used to air every Monday at 10:00pm, and the show had a similar format to "24". The story focuses on Osama Bin Laden and his terrorist group aiming to destroy the city of New Delhi on September 11 as well as assassinating the Indian Prime Minister who was played by Kay Kay Menon. A RAW group led by Field Officer Varun Awasthi (played by Rajeev Khandelwal) has to protect the Prime Minister and more importantly, the city..comment "Time Bomb 9/11" or just "Time Bomb" was a Hindi political thriller that aired on Zee TV from June 20, 2005 to December 25, 2005. It used to air every Monday at 10:00pm, and the show had a similar format to "24". The story focuses on Osama Bin Laden and his terrorist group aiming to destroy the city of New Delhi on September 11 as well as assassinating the Indian Prime Minister who was played by Kay Kay Menon. A RAW group led by Field Officer Varun Awasthi (played by Rajeev Khandelwal) has to protect the Prime Minister and more importantly, the city..
12/43	==DB== Time Bomb (All Saints 2005 episode).
13/43	==DB== Time Bomb.genre *.length 2727.0.released 2001-03-27.lastAlbum Buckcherry.nextAlbum 15.recorded 2000.Time Bomb (album).Time Bomb is the second studio album by American rock band Buckcherry. It was produced by John Travis  and released on March 27, 2001 by DreamWorks Records. It is the band's only album to feature guitarist Yogi Lonich and is the last album with the original line-up..comment Time Bomb is the second studio album by American rock band Buckcherry. It was produced by John Travis  and released on March 27, 2001 by DreamWorks Records. It is the band's only album to feature guitarist Yogi Lonich and is the last album with the original line-up..
14/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Falcon Crest).
15/43	==DB== Time Bomb (The Odyssey).
16/43	==DB== Time bomb.A time bomb (or a timebomb, time-bomb) is a bomb whose detonation is triggered by a timer. The use (or attempted use) of time bombs has been for various purposes including insurance fraud, terrorism, assassination, sabotage and warfare. They are a popular feature in fictional thriller and action films as they offer a way of imparting a dramatic sense of urgency..comment A time bomb (or a timebomb, time-bomb) is a bomb whose detonation is triggered by a timer. The use (or attempted use) of time bombs has been for various purposes including insurance fraud, terrorism, assassination, sabotage and warfare. They are a popular feature in fictional thriller and action films as they offer a way of imparting a dramatic sense of urgency..
17/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Buckcherry album).
18/43	==DB== Time Bomb (The Format song).
19/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Shadow Raiders).
20/43	==DB== producer Tom Thayer.runtime 5700.0.showName Time Bomb.network NBC.Time Bomb (1984 film).Time Bomb is a 1984 made for TV movie..comment Time Bomb is a 1984 made for TV movie..
21/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Hardball).
22/43	==DB== Time Bomb (World of Giants).
23/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Wolverine and the X-Men).
24/43	==DB== Time Bomb.producer Jerry Finn, Rancid.length 144.0.released 1995-11-01.lastSingle "Roots Radicals".nextSingle "Ruby Soho".Time Bomb (Rancid song)."Time Bomb" is a song by the American punk rock band Rancid. It was released as the second single from its third album, ...And Out Come the Wolves. The song reached number 8 on Billboard Modern Rock Tracks, marking the highest initial charting single in Rancid's career. "Time Bomb" is a ska punk song, similar to the sound of Operation Ivy, in which Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman used to play before Rancid. The lyrics for the first verse of the song were sampled from an earlier song, "Motorcycle Ride", which appeared on the band's previous album, Let's Go. The music video for the song was directed by Marcus Raboy. It was partially filmed at 155 Rivington in New York City's Lower East Side; the building later became the headquarters of Kickstarter..comment "Time Bomb" is a song by the American punk rock band Rancid. It was released as the second single from its third album, ...And Out Come the Wolves. The song reached number 8 on Billboard Modern Rock Tracks, marking the highest initial charting single in Rancid's career. "Time Bomb" is a ska punk song, similar to the sound of Operation Ivy, in which Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman used to play before Rancid. The lyrics for the first verse of the song were sampled from an earlier song, "Motorcycle Ride", which appeared on the band's previous album, Let's Go..
25/43	==SS== A program designed to perform a destructive action at a certain date and/or time.
26/43	==DB== runtime 4980.0.showName Time Bomb.company TB Productions.firstAired 2006-03-19.firstAired 2007-04-05.network CBS.Time Bomb (2006 film).Time Bomb is a 2006 television film starring David Arquette and Angela Bassett, by CBS Television..comment Time Bomb is a 2006 television film starring David Arquette and Angela Bassett, by CBS Television..
27/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Mission: Impossible).
28/43	==DB== Time Bombs.producer Guylaine Maroist.country Canada.cinematography Douglas Munro.Time Bombs.Time Bombs is a 2008 Canadian film produced by "Productions de la ruelle"..comment Time Bombs is a 2008 Canadian film produced by "Productions de la ruelle"..
29/43	==DB== Time bomb (software).In computer software, a time bomb is part of a computer program that has been written so that it will start or stop functioning after a predetermined date or time is reached. The term "time bomb" does not refer to a program that stops functioning a specific number of days after it is installed; instead, the term "trialware" applies. Time bombs are commonly used in beta (pre-release) software when the manufacturer of the software does not want the beta version being used after the final release date. One example of time bomb software would be Microsoft's Windows Vista Beta 2, which was programmed to expire on May 31, 2007. The time limits on time bomb software are not usually as heavily enforced as they are on trial software, since time bomb software does not usually implement secure clock functions..comment In computer software, a time bomb is part of a computer program that has been written so that it will start or stop functioning after a predetermined date or time is reached. The term "time bomb" does not refer to a program that stops functioning a specific number of days after it is installed; instead, the term "trialware" applies. Time bombs are commonly used in beta (pre-release) software when the manufacturer of the software does not want the beta version being used after the final release date. One example of time bomb software would be Microsoft's Windows Vista Beta 2, which was programmed to expire on May 31, 2007. The time limits on time bomb software are not usually as heavily enforced as they are on trial software, since time bomb software does not usually implement secure clock .
30/43	==DB== Time Bomb (The F.B.I.).
31/43	==DB== Time Bomb (The Closer).
32/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea).
33/43	==DB== Time Bomb.released 2014-02-11.lastAlbum The Game.Time Bomb (Alyssa Reid album).Time Bomb is the second studio album by Canadian recording artist Alyssa Reid. It was released through Wax Records on February 11, 2014. Reid promoted it when she opened for Hedley on their Wild Live 2014 Canadian Tour, which began on February 14, 2014. The album was recorded and mixed at studios in Miami, Los Angeles, and Toronto..comment Time Bomb is the second studio album by Canadian recording artist Alyssa Reid. It was released through Wax Records on February 11, 2014. Reid promoted it when she opened for Hedley on their Wild Live 2014 Canadian Tour, which began on February 14, 2014. The album was recorded and mixed at studios in Miami, Los Angeles, and Toronto..
34/43	==DB== Time Bombs (All Saints 2008 episode).
35/43	==DB== Time Bombs (Extreme Universe).
36/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Fireside Theater).
37/43	==DB== Time Bomb.publisher Puffin Books , Tricycle Press , CB Creative.releaseDate 2005-01-06.Time Bomb (Hinton novel).Time Bomb is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton which was first published in 2005. It is set in 1949 and tells the story of four boys who found an un exploded bomb where they played..comment Time Bomb is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton which was first published in 2005. It is set in 1949 and tells the story of four boys who found an un exploded bomb where they played..
38/43	==DB== Time Bomb (240-Robert).
39/43	==DB== Time Bomb (The Bill).
40/43	==SS== A bomb that has a mechanism such that detonation can be preset to a particular time.
41/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Vega$).
42/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Sailor Moon).
43/43	==DB== Time Bomb (Alex Delaware).
===114	time limit	7
1/7	==SS== a duration beyond which something may not exceed
2/7	==SS== a time by which something must finish
3/7	==DB== Time limit.A time limit or deadline is a narrow field of time, or a particular point in time, by which an objective or task must be accomplished. Once that time has passed, the item may be considered overdue (e.g., for work projects or school assignments). In the case of work assignments or projects that are not completed by the deadline, this may adversely affect the employee's performance rating. In the case of school assignments, essays or reports submitted after the deadline, marks or grades may be deducted from the student's assessment. In some cases, no materials can be submitted after the deadline. This may occur with Calls for Proposal, commercial tenders for bids, and application dates for universities and professional schools. For tests and examinations in schools, universities and job competitions, once the time limit for the test is up, the test-takers must put down their pens or pencils and hand in their test. In project management, deadlines are most often associated with milestone goals..comment A time limit or deadline is a narrow field of time, or a particular point in time, by which an objective or task must be accomplished. Once that time has passed, the item may be considered overdue (e.g., for work projects or school assignments). In the case of work assignments or projects that are not completed by the deadline, this may adversely affect the employee's performance rating. In the case of school assignments, essays or reports submitted after the deadline, marks or grades may be deducted from the student's assessment..
4/7	==DB== Time Limit (horse).Time Limit (1995-1998) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse out of Gilded Time who broke down in the 1998 Jim Beam Stakes along with another colt by the name of Sorceror, who was out of Summer Squall. Event of the Year won the race. Time Limit and Sorceror were both Kentucky Derby prospects..comment Time Limit (1995-1998) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse out of Gilded Time who broke down in the 1998 Jim Beam Stakes along with another colt by the name of Sorceror, who was out of Summer Squall. Event of the Year won the race. Time Limit and Sorceror were both Kentucky Derby prospects..
5/7	==DB== Time Limit.genre *.writer * Hikaru Utada *.length 295.0.released 2000-06-30.format *.lastSingle "Wait & See (Risk)".nextSingle "Can You Keep a Secret?".Time Limit (song)."Time Limit" (Japanese: タイム・リミット Hepburn: Taimu Rimitto) is a song by Japanese musician Hikaru Utada. It was released as a double A-side single with the song "For You" on June 30, 2000..comment "Time Limit" (Japanese: タイム・リミット Hepburn: Taimu Rimitto) is a song by Japanese musician Hikaru Utada. It was released as a double A-side single with the song "For You" on June 30, 2000..
6/7	==DB== Time limit (video gaming).A time limit is a phrase in video game terminology that is used to make gameplay faster on the threat of losing a life. A typical time limit can range from a single second to multiple minutes..comment A time limit is a phrase in video game terminology that is used to make gameplay faster on the threat of losing a life. A typical time limit can range from a single second to multiple minutes..
7/7	==DB== Time Limit.producer William H. Reynolds.runtime 5760.0.released 1957-10-23.gross 1250000.0.Time Limit (film).Time Limit is a 1957 legal drama film directed by Karl Malden, based on the Broadway play of the same name written by Henry Denker and Ralph Berkey. The film is Malden's only directing credit; in his autobiography, Malden stated that he "preferred being a good actor to being a fairly good director." Richard Widmark co-produced the film and stars alongside Richard Basehart, who was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actor for his performance..comment Time Limit is a 1957 legal drama film directed by Karl Malden, based on the Broadway play of the same name written by Henry Denker and Ralph Berkey. The film is Malden's only directing credit; in his autobiography, Malden stated that he "preferred being a good actor to being a fairly good director." Richard Widmark co-produced the film and stars alongside Richard Basehart, who was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actor for his performance..
===115	time trial	3
1/3	==SS== An unpaced race in which riders or teams, leaving at regular intervals are timed over a preset course or distance, the winner being the rider or team to finish in the fastest time.
2/3	==DB== Time trial.In many racing sports an athlete (or occasionally a team of athletes) will compete in a time trial against the clock to secure the fastest time. In cycling, for example, a time trial (TT) can be a single track cycling event, or an individual or team time trial on the road, and either or both of the latter may form components of multi-day stage races. In contrast to other types of races, athletes race alone since they are sent out in intervals (interval starts), as opposed to a mass start. In cross country skiing and biathlon competitions, skiers are sent out in 30 to 60 second intervals. In rowing, time trial races, where the boats are sent out at 10 to 20 second intervals, are usually called "head races." In many forms of motorsport, a similar format is used in qualifying to determine the starting order for the main event, though multiple attempts to set the fastest time are often allowed. In rallying, the special stages are run in a time-trial format. A similar race against the clock or time attack is often part of racing video games..comment In many racing sports an athlete (or occasionally a team of athletes) will compete in a time trial against the clock to secure the fastest time. In cycling, for example, a time trial (TT) can be a single track cycling event, or an individual or team time trial on the road, and either or both of the latter may form components of multi-day stage races. In contrast to other types of races, athletes race alone since they are sent out in intervals (interval starts), as opposed to a mass start. In cross country skiing and biathlon competitions, skiers are sent out in 30 to 60 second intervals..
3/3	==SS== Any competitive event in which competitors are timed rather than racing against each other.
===116	toilet paper	3
1/3	==SS== To cover someone's house (and trees and shrubs) with toilet paper or other similar paper product, often as a celebratory event, without the "victim's" knowledge. Sometimes also performed as an act of hazing.''"The football team '''toilet papered''' the Smith's house again...this time with paper towels in their trees."'' 
2/3	==SS== Paper, usually on a roll, to clean oneself after defecation, or to pat oneself dry after urination.
3/3	==DB== Toilet paper.(For other uses, see Toilet paper (disambiguation).) Toilet paper is a tissue paper product primarily used for wiping and cleaning the anus and surrounding area of fecal material after defecation and by human females for cleaning the perineal area of urine after urination and other bodily fluid releases. It also acts as a layer of protection for the hands during these processes. It is sold as a long strip of perforated paper wrapped around a paperboard core for storage in a dispenser by a toilet. Most modern toilet paper in the developed world is designed to decompose in septic tanks, whereas some other bathroom and facial tissues are not. Toilet paper comes in one-ply all the way up to six-ply, meaning that it is either a single sheet or multiple sheets placed back-to-back to make it thicker, softer, stronger and more absorbent. The use of paper for hygiene purposes has been recorded in China in the 6th century AD, with specifically manufactured toilet paper being mass-produced in the 14th century. Modern commercial toilet paper originated in the 19th century, with a patent for roll-based dispensers being made in 1883..comment (For other uses, see Toilet paper (disambiguation).) Toilet paper is a tissue paper product primarily used for wiping and cleaning the anus and surrounding area of fecal material after defecation and by human females for cleaning the perineal area of urine after urination and other bodily fluid releases. It also acts as a layer of protection for the hands during these processes. It is sold as a long strip of perforated paper wrapped around a paperboard core for storage in a dispenser by a toilet. Most modern toilet paper in the developed world is designed to decompose in septic tanks, whereas some other bathroom and facial tissues are not. Toilet paper comes in one-ply all the way up to six-ply, meaning that it is either a single sheet or multiple sheets placed back-to-back to make it thic.
===117	top dog	7
1/7	==DB== Top Dog.producer Wayne Hodgson.producer Nick Aldrich.producer Simon Cluett.budget 837000.0.Top Dog (2014 film).Top Dog is a crime drama film based on the novel written by Dougie Brimson who also penned the screenplay. Directed by Martin Kemp it starred Leo Gregory, Vincent Regan and Ricci Harnett..comment Top Dog is a crime drama film based on the novel written by Dougie Brimson who also penned the screenplay. Directed by Martin Kemp it starred Leo Gregory, Vincent Regan and Ricci Harnett..
2/7	==DB== Top Dog.runtime 5160.0.budget 6000000.0.gross 5100000.0.Top Dog (1995 film).Top Dog is a 1995 action comedy film directed by Aaron Norris and starring Chuck Norris. Written by Aaron Norris and Tim Grayem, it was Norris' last film to release theatrically before he shifted to direct-to-video films for several years. In the film, Norris' character, Jake Wilder, is partnered with Reno, a police dog, whose handler was killed. Jake and Reno investigate a plot by domestic terrorists to attack a conference on unity. Jake and Reno survive assassination attempts and several hand-to-hand fights with the terrorists and eventually discover enough clues to foil the attack. The film is set in San Diego and was largely filmed there. The film received mainly negative reviews, and its box office was negatively impacted by the timing of its release, only 9 days after the Oklahoma City bombing..comment Top Dog is a 1995 action comedy film directed by Aaron Norris and starring Chuck Norris. Written by Aaron Norris and Tim Grayem, it was Norris' last film to release theatrically before he shifted to direct-to-video films for several years. The film received mainly negative reviews, and its box office was negatively impacted by the timing of its release, only 9 days after the Oklahoma City bombing..
3/7	==DB== Top Dog (comics).Top Dog is a character from the comic book of the same name, published by Star Comics (an imprint of Marvel Comics). Top Dog was created by Lennie Herman (writer) and Warren Kremer (artist)..comment Top Dog is a character from the comic book of the same name, published by Star Comics (an imprint of Marvel Comics). Top Dog was created by Lennie Herman (writer) and Warren Kremer (artist)..
4/7	==SS== in a competition, the one expected to win
5/7	==SS== the boss, the leader (of the pack)
6/7	==DB== The Top Dog.writer Kenelm Foss.language English intertitles.language Silent.starring Hayford Hobbs.starring Mary Odette.The Top Dog.The Top Dog is a 1918 British silent drama film directed by Arrigo Bocchi and starring Kenelm Foss, Mary Odette and Hayford Hobbs. It was made at Catford Studios..comment The Top Dog is a 1918 British silent drama film directed by Arrigo Bocchi and starring Kenelm Foss, Mary Odette and Hayford Hobbs. It was made at Catford Studios..
7/7	==DB== Top Dogg.birthDate 1976-12-25.birthName Dashawn Jamal Yates.yearsActive 1995.background solo_singer.alias D-O, Big Kahuna.Top Dog (rapper).Top Dog (birth name Dashawn Jamal Yates) is an American rapper, member of the Hip Hop supergroup Boot Camp Clik, and the trio O.G.C.. Top Dog (also known as Big Kahuna and D.O.) debuted on Smif-N-Wessun's Dah Shinin' in 1995, appearing on the single "Sound Bwoy Bureill" and the track "Cession at da Doghillee". Top Dog became a member of The Fab 5 in 1995, releasing the hit single "Blah" b/w "Leflaur Leflah Eshkoshka". He and O.G.C. dropped their debut album Da Storm in October 1996, featuring the rap hit "No Fear". He recorded an album with the Boot Camp Clik in 1997, For the People, and followed up with another O.G.C. album, The M-Pire Shrikez Back, in 1999. He returned with the Camp in 2002, releasing the album The Chosen Few, and released another album with the Boot Camp, The Last Stand, on July 18, 2006. Top Dog is the younger brother of Smif-n-Wessun rapper and fellow Boot Camp member, Steele..comment Top Dog (birth name Dashawn Jamal Yates) is an American rapper, member of the Hip Hop supergroup Boot Camp Clik, and the trio O.G.C.. Top Dog (also known as Big Kahuna and D.O.) debuted on Smif-N-Wessun's Dah Shinin' in 1995, appearing on the single "Sound Bwoy Bureill" and the track "Cession at da Doghillee". Top Dog became a member of The Fab 5 in 1995, releasing the hit single "Blah" b/w "Leflaur Leflah Eshkoshka". He and O.G.C. dropped their debut album Da Storm in October 1996, featuring the rap hit "No Fear". He recorded an album with the Boot Camp Clik in 1997, For the People, and followed up with another O.G.C. album, The M-Pire Shrikez Back, in 1999. He returned with the Camp in 2002, releasing the album The Chosen Few, and released another album with the Boot Camp, The Last Stand.
===118	trade card	3
1/3	==SS== An early precursor of the business card, first produced at the beginning of the seventeenth century.
2/3	==SS== A trading card (such as a cigarette card).
3/3	==DB== Trade card.A trade card is a square card that is small, but bigger than the modern visiting card, and is exchanged in social circles, that a business distributes to clients and potential customers. Trade cards first became popular at the end of the 17th century in Paris, Lyon and London. They functioned as advertising and also as maps, directing the public to the merchants' stores (no formal street address numbering system existed at the time). The trade card is an early example of the modern business card. Some businesses began to create increasingly sophisticated designs, especially with the development of color printing. A few companies specialized in producing stock cards, usually with an image on one side and space on the other side for the business to add its own information. As the designs became more attractive and colorful, collecting trade cards became a popular hobby in the late 19th century, since color images were not yet widely available. In its original sense, the "trade" in trade card refers to its use by the proprietor of a business to announce his trade, or line of business. By moving into the realm of collecting, trade cards gave rise to the trading card, the meaning now shifting to the exchange or trade of cards by enthusiasts. Some cards, particularly those produced by tobacco companies featuring baseball players, later developed into collectibles and lost their function as a business advertisement.  * Lithographed trade card advertising Murray & Lanman Florida Water Cologne  * Back of a German Liebig Extract of Meat Trade Card from 1885  * Early 19th-century English-language trade card of John Maria Farina, cologne manufacturer, showing Farina Haus, Köln..comment A trade card is a square card that is small, but bigger than the modern visiting card, and is exchanged in social circles, that a business distributes to clients and potential customers. Trade cards first became popular at the end of the 17th century in Paris, Lyon and London. They functioned as advertising and also as maps, directing the public to the merchants' stores (no formal street address numbering system existed at the time).  * Lithographed trade card advertising Murray & Lanman Florida Water Cologne  * Back of a German Liebig Extract of Meat Trade Card from 1885  *.
===119	trust fund	3
1/3	==SS== Property held by a trustee in a trust established by a grantor for a beneficiary.
2/3	==DB== Trust law.A trust is a relationship whereby property is held by one party for the benefit of another. A trust is created by a settlor, who transfers property to a trustee. The trustee holds that property for the trust's beneficiaries. Trusts exist mainly in common law jurisdictions and similar systems existed since Roman times. An owner of property that places property into trust turns over part of his or her bundle of rights to the trustee, separating the property's legal ownership and control from its equitable ownership and benefits. This may be done for tax avoidance reasons or to control the property and its benefits if the settlor is absent, incapacitated, or dead. Trusts are frequently created in wills, defining how money and property will be handled for children or other beneficiaries. The trustee is given legal title to the trust property, but is obligated to act for the good of the beneficiaries. The trustee may be compensated and have expenses reimbursed, but otherwise must turn over all profits from the trust properties. Trustees who violate this fiduciary duty are self-dealing. Courts can reverse self dealing actions, order profits returned, and impose other sanctions. The trustee may be either a individual, a company, or a public body. There may be a single trustee or multiple co-trustees. The trust is governed by the terms under which it was created. In most jurisdictions, this requires a contractual trust agreement or deed..comment A trust is a relationship whereby property is held by one party for the benefit of another. A trust is created by a settlor, who transfers property to a trustee. The trustee holds that property for the trust's beneficiaries. Trusts exist mainly in common law jurisdictions and similar systems existed since Roman times. The trustee may be either a individual, a company, or a public body. There may be a single trustee or multiple co-trustees. The trust is governed by the terms under which it was created. In most jurisdictions, this requires a contractual trust agreement or deed..
3/3	==SS== Loosely, a substantial inheritance of money.
===120	vantage point	6
1/6	==DB== Vantage Point.Vantage Point: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack.runtime 5400.0.Varèse Sarabande.length 2490.0.budget 4.0E7.released 2008-02-26.gross 1.511E8.Vantage Point (film).Vantage Point is a 2008 American political action thriller film directed by Pete Travis; it was adapted from a screenplay written by Barry L. Levy. The story focuses on an assassination attempt on the President of the United States, as seen from the various vantage points of different characters. Dennis Quaid, Matthew Fox, Forest Whitaker, William Hurt, and Sigourney Weaver star in principal roles. The film is often compared, unfavorably, to Akira Kurosawa's Rashomon, which also employed storytelling through multiple perspectives. Rashomon used the multiple perspectives to question the possibility of truth, in a process called the Rashomon effect; in contrast, Vantage Point recounts a series of events which are re-enacted from several different perspectives and viewpoints in order to reveal a truthful account of what happened. Vantage Point also explores kidnapping, assassination and terrorism. The motion picture was co-produced by Relativity Media, Original Film, and Art In Motion. It was commercially distributed by Columbia Pictures theatrically, and by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment in home media format. The film project began principal photography in Mexico City on June 18, 2006. Executive producers for the film included Callum Greene, Tania Landau, and Lynwood Spinks. On February 26, 2008, the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was released by the Varèse Sarabande label. The film score was composed by musician Atli Örvarsson. Following its premiere on February 22, 2008, Vantage Point grossed $72,266,306 in domestic ticket receipts. The film was screened at 3,163 theaters during its widest release nationwide in the United States. It earned an additional $78,895,185 in business through international release to top out at a combined $151,161,491 in gross revenue. The film was technically considered a strong financial success due to its $40 million budget costs. Preceding its theatrical run though, the film was met with generally mixed to negative critical reviews. The widescreen DVD and high-definition Blu-ray Disc editions of the film featuring the director's audio commentary and interviews with the cast and crew, were both released in the United States on July 8, 2008..comment Vantage Point is a 2008 American political action thriller film directed by Pete Travis; it was adapted from a screenplay written by Barry L. Levy. The story focuses on an assassination attempt on the President of the United States, as seen from the various vantage points of different characters. Dennis Quaid, Matthew Fox, Forest Whitaker, William Hurt, and Sigourney Weaver star in principal roles. The film is often compared, unfavorably, to Akira Kurosawa's Rashomon, which also employed storytelling through multiple perspectives. Rashomon used the multiple perspectives to question the possibility of truth, in a process called the Rashomon effect; in contrast, Vantage Point recounts a series of events which are re-enacted from several different perspectives and viewpoints in order to revea.
2/6	==SS== A place or position affording a good view.''The hill provided the troops an excellent '''vantage point''' to scout for the enemy.'' 
3/6	==SS== A point of view; perspective; outlook; standpoint.''It may be difficult for us to understand the motivations of these people from our 21st century '''vantage point'''.'' 
4/6	==DB== The Vantage Point.
5/6	==DB== Vantage Point.length 2795.0.released 2008-04-18.released 2008-04-21.released 2008-05-21.lastAlbum Pocket Revolution.nextAlbum Keep You Close.Vantage Point (album).Vantage Point is the fifth album from the Belgian band Deus, released on April 18, 2008. This is the first Deus album which features the same line-up as the previous album.This album was also the first to be recorded at their own built studio in Borgerhout, near Antwerp. Upon its release in Belgium Vantage Point was already certified Gold, then reached Platinum within its first month release..comment Vantage Point is the fifth album from the Belgian band Deus, released on April 18, 2008. This is the first Deus album which features the same line-up as the previous album.This album was also the first to be recorded at their own built studio in Borgerhout, near Antwerp. Upon its release in Belgium Vantage Point was already certified Gold, then reached Platinum within its first month release..
6/6	==SS== A camera angle.
===121	vice president	3
1/3	==SS== A deputy to a president, often empowered to assume the position of president on his death or absence.
2/3	==DB== Vice president.A vice president (in British English: vice-president for governments and director for businesses) is an officer in government or business who is below a president (managing director) in rank. The name comes from the Latin vice meaning "in place of". In some countries, the vice president is called the deputy president. In everyday speech, the abbreviation VP can be used..comment A vice president (in British English: vice-president for governments and director for businesses) is an officer in government or business who is below a president (managing director) in rank. The name comes from the Latin vice meaning "in place of". In some countries, the vice president is called the deputy president. In everyday speech, the abbreviation VP can be used..
3/3	==SS== An executive in a business in charge of a department or branch.
===122	video game	3
1/3	==SS== A type of game existing as and controlled by software, usually run by a video game console or a computer, played on a video terminal or television screen, and controlled by a paddle, joystick, joypad, mouse, or keyboard.
2/3	==DB== Video game.A video game is an electronic game that involves human interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device such as a TV screen or computer monitor. The word video in video game traditionally referred to a raster display device, but as of the 2000s, it implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. Some theorists categorize video games as an art form, but this designation is controversial. The electronic systems used to play video games are known as platforms; examples of these are personal computers and video game consoles. These platforms range from large mainframe computers to small handheld computing devices. Specialized video games such as arcade games, in which the video game components are housed in a large, coin-operated chassis, while common in the 1980s in video arcades, have gradually declined in use due to the widespread availability of affordable home video game consoles (e.g., PlayStation 4 and Xbox One) and video games on desktop and laptop computers and smartphones. The input device used for games, the game controller, varies across platforms. Common controllers include gamepads, joysticks, mouses, keyboards, the touchscreens of mobile devices and buttons. Players typically view the game on a video screen or television and there are often game sounds from loudspeakers. Some games in the 2000s include haptic, vibration-creating effects, force feedback peripherals and virtual reality headsets. In the 2010s, the video game industry is of increasing commercial importance, with growth driven particularly by the emerging Asian markets and mobile games, which are played on smartphones. As of 2015, video games generated sales of USD 74 billion annually worldwide, and were the third-largest segment in the U.S. entertainment market, behind broadcast and cable TV..comment A video game is an electronic game that involves human interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device such as a TV screen or computer monitor. The word video in video game traditionally referred to a raster display device, but as of the 2000s, it implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. Some theorists categorize video games as an art form, but this designation is controversial..
3/3	==SS== video game console
===123	voice mail	3
1/3	==SS== An individual message on such a system.{{syn|en|voice message}} 
2/3	==DB== Voicemail.Voice Mail System (also known as voice mail, voice message or voice bank) is a computer-based system that allows users and subscribers to exchange personal voice messages; to select and deliver voice information; and to process transactions relating to individuals, organizations, products and services, using an ordinary telephone. The term is also used more broadly to denote any system of conveying a stored telecommunications voice messages, including using an answering machine. Most cell phone services offer voice-mail as a basic feature, many corporate PBXs include versatile internal voice-messaging services and *98 Vertical service code subscription is available to most individual and small business land line subscribers..comment Voice Mail System (also known as voice mail, voice message or voice bank) is a computer-based system that allows users and subscribers to exchange personal voice messages; to select and deliver voice information; and to process transactions relating to individuals, organizations, products and services, using an ordinary telephone. The term is also used more broadly to denote any system of conveying a stored telecommunications voice messages, including using an answering machine. Most cell phone services offer voice-mail as a basic feature, many corporate PBXs include versatile internal voice-messaging services and *98 Vertical service code subscription is available to most individual and small business land line subscribers..
3/3	==SS== A computerized interactive system for storing, processing and reproducing verbal messages left through a conventional telephone network.{{syn|en|voice mailbox}} 
===124	web page	3
1/3	==DB== Web page.A web page (US spelling webpage or Web page) is a document that is suitable for the World Wide Web and web browsers. A web browser displays a web page on a monitor or mobile device. The web page is what displays, but the term also refers to a computer file, usually written in HTML or comparable markup language. Web browsers coordinate the various web resource elements for the written web page, such as style sheets, scripts, and images, to present the web page. Typical web pages provide hypertext that includes a navigation bar or a sidebar menu to other web pages via hyperlinks, often referred to as links. On a network, a web browser can retrieve a web page from a remote web server. On a higher level, the web server may restrict access to only a private network such as a corporate intranet or it provides access to the World Wide Web. On a lower level, the web browser uses the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) to make such requests. A static web page is delivered exactly as stored, as web content in the web server's file system, while a dynamic web page is generated by a web application that is driven by server-side software or client-side scripting. Dynamic website pages help the browser (the client) to enhance the web page through user input to the server..comment A web page (US spelling webpage or Web page) is a document that is suitable for the World Wide Web and web browsers. A web browser displays a web page on a monitor or mobile device. The web page is what displays, but the term also refers to a computer file, usually written in HTML or comparable markup language. Web browsers coordinate the various web resource elements for the written web page, such as style sheets, scripts, and images, to present the web page..
2/3	==SS== A single hypertext document (transmitted as HTML) on the World Wide Web, often hyperlinked to others, and intended to be viewed with a web browser.
3/3	==SS== A website, by extension from the home page of the site.''Be sure to check out my '''web page''' on the Internet when you get home.'' 
===125	wind power	3
1/3	==SS== Electric energy produced by the first process.
2/3	==SS== Power harnessed from the wind.
3/3	==DB== Wind power.Wind power is the use of air flow through wind turbines to mechanically power generators for electricity. Wind power, as an alternative to burning fossil fuels, is plentiful, renewable, widely distributed, clean, produces no greenhouse gas emissions during operation, consumes no water, and uses little land. The net effects on the environment are far less problematic than those of nonrenewable power sources. Wind farms consist of many individual wind turbines which are connected to the electric power transmission network. Onshore wind is an inexpensive source of electricity, competitive with or in many places cheaper than coal or gas plants. Offshore wind is steadier and stronger than on land, and offshore farms have less visual impact, but construction and maintenance costs are considerably higher. Small onshore wind farms can feed some energy into the grid or provide electricity to isolated off-grid locations. Wind power gives variable power which is very consistent from year to year but which has significant variation over shorter time scales. It is therefore used in conjunction with other electric power sources to give a reliable supply. As the proportion of wind power in a region increases, a need to upgrade the grid, and a lowered ability to supplant conventional production can occur. Power management techniques such as having excess capacity, geographically distributed turbines, dispatchable backing sources, sufficient hydroelectric power, exporting and importing power to neighboring areas, using vehicle-to-grid strategies or reducing demand when wind production is low, can in many cases overcome these problems. In addition, weather forecasting permits the electricity network to be readied for the predictable variations in production that occur. As of 2015, Denmark generates 40% of its electricity from wind, and at least 83 other countries around the world are using wind power to supply their electricity grids. In 2014 global wind power capacity expanded 16% to 369,553 MW. Yearly wind energy production is also growing rapidly and has reached around 4% of worldwide electricity usage, 11.4% in the EU..comment Wind power is the use of air flow through wind turbines to mechanically power generators for electricity. Wind power, as an alternative to burning fossil fuels, is plentiful, renewable, widely distributed, clean, produces no greenhouse gas emissions during operation, consumes no water, and uses little land. The net effects on the environment are far less problematic than those of nonrenewable power sources..
===126	word processor	3
1/3	==SS== A device similar to a simple computer, designed for word processing.
2/3	==SS== Software that provides word processing functions on a computer, typically including typeface selection, line justification and other formatting, pagination, and numerous other features. Compare text editor.
3/3	==DB== Word processor.A word processor is an electronic device or computer software application, that performs the task of composing, editing, formatting, and printing of documents. The word processor was a stand-alone office machine in the 1960s, combining the keyboard text-entry and printing functions of an electric typewriter, with a recording unit, either tape or floppy disk (as used by the Wang machine) with a simple dedicated computer processor for the editing of text. Although features and designs varied among manufacturers and models, and new features were added as technology advanced, word processors typically featured a monochrome display and the ability to save documents on memory cards or diskettes. Later models introduced innovations such as spell-checking programs, and improved formatting options. As the more versatile combination of personal computers and printers became commonplace, and computer software applications for word processing became popular, most business machine companies stopped manufacturing dedicated word processor machines. As of 2009 there were only two U.S. companies, Classic and AlphaSmart, which still made them. Many older machines, however, remain in use. Since 2009, Sentinel has offered a machine described as a "word processor", but it is more accurately a highly specialised microcomputer used for accounting and publishing. Word processing was one of the earliest applications for the personal computer in office productivity, and was the most widely used application on personal computers until the World Wide Web rose to prominence in the mid-1990s. Although the early word processors evolved to use tag-based markup for document formatting, most modern word processors take advantage of a graphical user interface providing some form of what-you-see-is-what-you-get ("WYSIWYG") editing. Most are powerful systems consisting of one or more programs that can produce a combination of images, graphics and text, the latter handled with type-setting capability. Typical features of a modern word processor include: multiple font sets, spell checking, grammar checking, a built-in thesaurus, automatic text correction, Web integration, HTML conversion, pre-formatted publication projects such as newsletters and to-do lists, and much more. In its simplest form, a word processor is like an Expensive Typewriter or Typewriter machine, with the improvement of being able to proofread, and correct mistakes before printing. Microsoft Word is the most widely used word processing software according to a user tracking system built into the software. Microsoft estimates that roughly half a billion people use the Microsoft Office suite, which includes Word. Many other word processing applications exist, including WordPerfect (which dominated the market from the mid-1980s to early-1990s on computers running Microsoft's MS-DOS operating system, and still (2014) is favored for legal applications) and open source applications OpenOffice.org Writer, LibreOffice Writer, AbiWord, KWord, and LyX. Web-based word processors, such as Office Online , Google Docs , Zoho Writer or Quip are a relatively new category..comment A word processor is an electronic device or computer software application, that performs the task of composing, editing, formatting, and printing of documents. The word processor was a stand-alone office machine in the 1960s, combining the keyboard text-entry and printing functions of an electric typewriter, with a recording unit, either tape or floppy disk (as used by the Wang machine) with a simple dedicated computer processor for the editing of text. Although features and designs varied among manufacturers and models, and new features were added as technology advanced, word processors typically featured a monochrome display and the ability to save documents on memory cards or diskettes. Later models introduced innovations such as spell-checking programs, and improved formatting options..
===127	world record	3
1/3	==SS== The world's best score or time for a certain event.
2/3	==DB== World record.A world record is usually the best global performance ever recorded and officially verified in a specific skill or sport. The book Guinness World Records collates and publishes notable records of all types, from first and best to worst human achievements, to extremes in the natural world and beyond. The website RecordSetter has begun to take on the same territory, but with a more inclusive policy, as users submit videos of record attempts in order to try to receive a world record. The website challengers.guinnessworldrecords.com is similar to RecordSetter, as the record attempts are judged by Guinness World Records adjudicators, but the records to attempt are provided beforehand..comment A world record is usually the best global performance ever recorded and officially verified in a specific skill or sport. The book Guinness World Records collates and publishes notable records of all types, from first and best to worst human achievements, to extremes in the natural world and beyond. The website RecordSetter has begun to take on the same territory, but with a more inclusive policy, as users submit videos of record attempts in order to try to receive a world record. The website challengers.guinnessworldrecords.com is similar to RecordSetter, as the record attempts are judged by Guinness World Records adjudicators, but the records to attempt are provided beforehand..
3/3	==SS== Any characteristic or accomplishment that exceeds all other instances of that characteristic or accomplishment.
===128	writing system	3
1/3	==SS== A system for writing one or more languages; a particular alphabetic, syllabic, logographic, or other scheme. For example, the Latin alphabet or the Cyrillic alphabet.
2/3	==SS== The basic type of a system for writing languages. For example, alphabetic writing or logographic writing.
3/3	==DB== Writing system.A writing system is any conventional method of visually representing verbal communication. While both writing and speech are useful in conveying messages, writing differs in also being a reliable form of information storage and transfer. The processes of encoding and decoding writing systems involve shared understanding between writers and readers of the meaning behind the sets of characters that make up a script. Writing is usually recorded onto a durable medium, such as paper or electronic storage, although non-durable methods may also be used, such as writing on a computer display, in sand, or by skywriting. The general attributes of writing systems can be placed into broad categories such as alphabets, syllabaries, or logographies. Any particular system can have attributes of more than one category. In the alphabetic category, there is a standard set of letters (basic written symbols or graphemes) of consonants and vowels that encode based on the general principle that the letters (or letter pair/groups) represent speech sounds. In a syllabary, each symbol correlates to a syllable or mora. In a logography, each character represents a word, morpheme, or other semantic units. Other categories include abjads, which differ from alphabets in that vowels are not indicated, and abugidas or alphasyllabaries, with each character representing a consonant–vowel pairing. Alphabets typically use a set of 20-to-35 symbols to fully express a language, whereas syllabaries can have 80-to-100, and logographies can have several hundreds of symbols. Most systems will typically have an ordering of its symbol elements so that groups of them can be coded into larger clusters like words or acronyms (generally lexemes), giving rise to many more possibilities (permutations) in meanings than the symbols can convey by themselves. Systems will also enable the stringing together of these smaller groupings (sometimes referred to by the generic term 'character strings') in order to enable a full expression of the language. The reading step can be accomplished purely in the mind as an internal process, or expressed orally. A special set of symbols known as punctuation is used to aid in structure and organization of many writing systems and can be used to help capture nuances and variations in the message's meaning that are communicated verbally by cues in timing, tone, accent, inflection or intonation. A writing system will also typically have a method for formatting recorded messages that follows the spoken version's rules like its grammar and syntax so that the reader will have the meaning of the intended message accurately preserved. Writing systems were preceded by proto-writing, which used pictograms, ideograms and other mnemonic symbols. Proto-writing lacked the ability to capture and express a full range of thoughts and ideas. The invention of writing systems, which dates back to the beginning of the Bronze Age in the late Neolithic Era of the late 4th millennium BC, enabled the accurate durable recording of human history in a manner that was not prone to the same types of error to which oral history is vulnerable. Soon after, writing provided a reliable form of long distance communication. With the advent of publishing, it provided the medium for an early form of mass communication. Secure written communications were also made more reliable with the invention of encryption. The creation of a new alphabetic writing system for a language with an existing logographic writing system is called alphabetization, as when the People’s Republic of China studied the prospect of alphabetizing the Chinese languages with Latin script, Cyrillic script, Arabic script, and even numbers, although the most common instance of it, converting to Latin script, is usually called romanization..comment A writing system is any conventional method of visually representing verbal communication. While both writing and speech are useful in conveying messages, writing differs in also being a reliable form of information storage and transfer. The processes of encoding and decoding writing systems involve shared understanding between writers and readers of the meaning behind the sets of characters that make up a script. Writing is usually recorded onto a durable medium, such as paper or electronic storage, although non-durable methods may also be used, such as writing on a computer display, in sand, or by skywriting..
===129	make love	2
1/2	==SS== Sexual engagement
2/2	==SS==	make amorous approches, rmance